(ii)**  
As Amended Through

[[Date 1: Date]]  

\centered AMENDED AND RESTATED

\centered BY-LAWS

\centered OF 

\centered BLACK BOX CORPORATION  (a Delaware corporation) 

^\centered Stockholders 

SECTION 1.  Fixing Date for Determination of Stockholders of Record. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors and which record date: (1) in the case of determination of stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders or adjournment thereof, shall, unless otherwise required by law, not be more than sixty nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting; (2) in the case of determination of stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, shall not be more than ten days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors; and (3) in the case of any other action, shall not be more than sixty days prior to such other action. If no record date is fixed: (1) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held; (2) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action of the Board of Directors is required by law, shall be the first date on which a signed written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the corporation in accordance with applicable law, or, if prior action by the Board of Directors is required by law, shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action; and (3) the record date for determining stockholders for any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 

^^^^^ 
^Annual Meetings. The annual meeting of stockholders for the election of directors and for the transaction of such other business as may properly come before the meeting shall be held each year at such date and time, within or without the State of Delaware, as the Board of Directors shall determine. 

SECTION 3.  Special Meetings. Special meetings of stockholders for the transaction of such business as may properly come before the meeting may be called by order of the Board of Directors or by stockholders holding together at least a majority of all the shares of the Corporation entitled to vote at the meeting, and shall be held at such date and time, within or without the State of Delaware, as may be specified by such order. Whenever the directors shall fail to fix such place, the meeting shall be held at the principal executive office of the Corporation. 

SECTION 4.  Notice of Meetings. Written notice of all meetings of the stockholders, stating the place, date and hour of the meeting and the place within the city or other municipality or community at which the list of stockholders may be examined, shall be mailed or delivered to each stockholder not less than 10 nor more than 60 days prior to the meeting. Notice of any special meeting shall state in general terms the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is to be held. 

SECTION 5.  Stockholder Lists. The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of the Corporation shall prepare and make, at least 10 days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. 

^^^^^ 
The stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the stock ledger, the list required by this section or the books of the Corporation, or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders. 

SECTION 6.  Quorum. Except as otherwise provided by law or the Corporation’s Certificate of Incorporation, a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting of stockholders shall consist of the holders of record of a majority of the issued and outstanding shares of the capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at the meeting, present in person or by proxy. If there be no such quorum, the holders of a majority of such shares so present or represented may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without further notice, until a quorum shall have been obtained. When a quorum is once present it is not broken by the subsequent withdrawal of any stockholder. 

SECTION 7.  Organization. Meetings of stockholders shall be presided over by the Chairman, if any, or if none or in the Chairman’s absence the Vice-Chairman, if any, or if none or in the Vice-Chairman’s absence the President, if any, or if none or in the President’s absence a Vice-President, or, if none of the foregoing is present, by a chairman to be chosen by the stockholders entitled to vote who are present in person or by proxy at the meeting. The Secretary of the Corporation, or in the Secretary’s absence an Assistant Secretary, shall act as secretary of every meeting, but if neither the Secretary nor an Assistant Secretary is present, the presiding officer of the meeting shall appoint any person present to act as secretary of the meeting. 

SECTION 8.  Voting; Proxies; Required Vote. (a) At each meeting of stockholders, every stockholder shall be entitled to vote in person or by proxy appointed by instrument in writing, subscribed by such stockholder or by such stockholder’s duly authorized attorney-in-fact (but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period), and, unless the Certificate of Incorporation provides otherwise, shall have one vote for each share of stock entitled to vote registered in the name of such stockholder on the books of the Corporation on the applicable record date fixed pursuant to these By-laws. At all elections of directors the voting may but need not be by ballot and a plurality of the votes cast there shall elect. Except as otherwise required by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, any other action shall be authorized by a majority of the votes cast. 

^^^^^ 
^^Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of stockholders may, except as otherwise required by law or the Certificate of Incorporation, be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of record of the issued and outstanding capital stock of the Corporation having a majority of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted, and the writing or writings are filed with the permanent records of the Corporation. Prompt notice of the taking of corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing. 

^^Where a separate vote by a class or classes, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum entitled to vote on that matter, the affirmative vote of the majority of shares of such class or classes present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting shall be the act of such class, unless otherwise provided in the Corporation’s Certificate of Incorporation. 

SECTION 9.  Inspectors. The Board of Directors, in advance of any meeting, may, but need not, appoint one or more inspectors of election to act at the meeting or any adjournment thereof. If an inspector or inspectors are not so appointed, the person presiding at the meeting may, but need not, appoint one or more inspectors. In case any person who may be appointed as an inspector fails to appear or act, the vacancy may be filled by appointment made by the directors in advance of the meeting or at the meeting by the person presiding thereat. Each inspector, if any, before entering upon the discharge of his or her duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector at such meeting with strict impartiality and according to the best of his ability. The inspectors, if any, shall determine the number of shares of stock outstanding and the voting power of each, the shares of stock represented at the meeting, the existence of a quorum, and the validity and effect of proxies, and shall receive votes, ballot or consents, hear and determine all challenges and questions arising in connection with the right to vote, count and tabulate all votes, ballots or consents, determine the result, and do such acts as are proper to conduct the election or vote with fairness to all stockholders. On request of the person presiding at the meeting, the inspector or inspectors, if any, shall make a report in writing of any challenge, question or matter determined by such inspector or inspectors and execute a certificate of any fact found by such inspector or inspectors. 

^^^^^ 
^Nominating and Proposal Procedures. Without limiting any other notice requirements imposed by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-laws, any nomination for election to the Board of Directors or other proposal to be presented by any stockholder at a stockholders’ meeting (the “Proponent”) will be properly presented only if written notice of the Proponent’s intent to make such nomination or proposal has been personally delivered to and otherwise in fact received by the Secretary of the Corporation not later than (i) for the annual meeting, at least 150 days prior to the anniversary date of the prior year’s annual meeting, or (ii) for any special meeting, the close of business on the tenth day after notice of such meeting is first given to stockholders. Such notice by the Proponent to the Corporation shall set forth in reasonable detail information concerning the nominee (in the case of a nomination for election to the Board of Directors) or the substance of the proposal (in the case of any other stockholder proposal), and shall include: (a) the name and residence address and business address of the stockholder who intends to present the nomination or other proposal or of any person who participates or is expected to participate in making such nomination and of the person or persons, if any, to be nominated and the principal occupation or employment and the name, type of business and address of the business and address of the corporation or other organization in which such employment is carried on of each such stockholder, participant and nominee; (b) a representation that the Proponent is a holder of record of stock of the Corporation entitled to vote at such meeting and intends to appear in person or by proxy at the meeting to present the nomination or other proposal specified in the notice, which shall include (i) the number of shares of each class of the stock of the Corporation which are beneficially owned by such Proponent as of the date of the notice and the Proponent’s agreement to notify the Corporation in writing of the number of shares of each class of stock of the Corporation which are beneficially owned by such Proponent as of the record date promptly (but in no event later than five (5) business days) after the later of the record date or the date that the record date is first publicly disclosed and (ii) a description of any agreement, arrangement or understanding (including any derivative securities or short positions, profit interests, options, warrants, stock appreciation or similar rights, hedging transactions, swaps or borrowed or loaned shares, the effect or intent of which is to mitigate loss to, manage risk or benefit of share price changes for or increase or decrease the voting power of the Proponent or any of Proponent’s affiliates or associates with respect to shares of stock of the Corporation) that has been entered into as of the date of the Proponent’s notice, by or on behalf of such Proponent or any affiliate or associate of such Proponent, with respect to shares of stock of the Corporation, and the Proponent’s agreement to notify the Corporation in writing of any such agreement, arrangement or understanding in effect as of the record date for the meeting promptly (but in no event later than five (5) business days) after the later of the record date or the date that the record date is first publicly disclosed; (c) a description of all agreements, arrangements or understandings between the Proponent and any other person or persons (naming such person or persons) pursuant to which the nomination or other proposal is to be made by the Proponent; (d) such other information regarding each proposal and each nominee as would have been required to be included in a proxy statement filed pursuant to the proxy rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission had the nomination or other proposal been made by the Board of Directors; and (e) the consent of each nominee, if any, to serve as a director of the Corporation if elected. Within fifteen (15) days following the receipt by the Secretary of a notice of 

^^^^^ 
nomination or proposal pursuant hereto, the Secretary shall advise the Proponent in writing of any deficiencies in the notice and of any additional information the Corporation is requiring to determine the eligibility of the proposed nominee or the substance of the proposal. A Proponent who has been notified of deficiencies in the notice of nomination or proposal and/or of the need for additional information shall cure such deficiencies and/or provide such additional information within fifteen (15) days after receipt of the notice of such deficiencies and/or the need for additional information. The presiding officer of a meeting of stockholders may, in his or her sole discretion, refuse to acknowledge a nomination or other proposal presented by any person that does not comply with the foregoing procedure and, upon his or her instructions, all votes cast for such nominee or with respect to such proposal may be disregarded. 

As used in these By-laws, the terms “affiliate” and “associate” shall have the meanings given to them by Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and the term “beneficially owned” shall have the meaning given to it by Rule 13d-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and shall specifically include derivative securities. 

Notwithstanding anything in these By-laws to the contrary, no business of any stockholder shall be conducted at any meeting of stockholders except in accordance with the procedures set forth in this Section 10 of this Article I; provided, however, that any stockholder may present at a stockholder’s meeting any proposal made by such stockholder in accordance with Rule 14a-8 promulgated pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or any successor rule. If a stockholder intends to and/or attempts to conduct its own proxy solicitation, then the provisions of this Section 10 of this Article I shall apply, notwithstanding the above reference to Rule 14a-8 promulgated pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

^^^^^ 
^\centered Board of Directors 

SECTION 1.  General Powers. The business, property and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by, or under the direction of, the Board of Directors. 

SECTION 2.  Qualification; Number; Term; Remuneration. (a) Each director shall be at least 18 years of age. A director need not be a stockholder, a citizen of the United States, or a resident of the State of Delaware. The number of directors constituting the entire Board shall be 9, or such other number as may be fixed from time to time by action of the stockholders or Board of Directors, one of whom may be selected by the Board of Directors to be its Chairman. The use of the phrase “entire Board” herein refers to the total number of directors which the Corporation would have if there were no vacancies. 

^^Directors who are elected at an annual meeting of stockholders, and directors who are elected in the interim to fill vacancies and newly created directorships, shall hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors are elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal. 

^^Directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the Board of Directors or a stated salary as director. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Members of special or standing committees may be allowed like compensation for attending committee meetings. 

SECTION 3.  Quorum and Manner of Voting. Except as otherwise provided by law, a majority of the entire Board shall constitute a quorum. A majority of the directors present, whether or not a quorum is present, may adjourn a meeting from time to time to another time and place without notice. The vote of the majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors. 

^^^^^ 
^Places of Meetings. Meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any place within or without the State of Delaware, as may from time to time be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors, or as may be specified in the notice of meeting. 

SECTION 5.  Annual Meeting. Following the annual meeting of stockholders, the newly elected Board of Directors shall meet for the purpose of the election of officers and the transaction of such other business as may properly come before the meeting. Such meeting may be held without notice immediately after the annual meeting of stockholders at the same place at which such stockholders’ meeting is held. 

SECTION 6.  Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held at such times and places as the Board of Directors shall from time to time by resolution determine. Notice need not be given of regular meetings of the Board of Directors held at times and places fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors. 

SECTION 7.  Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors shall be held whenever called by the Chairman of the Board, President, Vice-Chairman or by a majority of the directors then in office. 

SECTION 8.  Notice of Special Meetings. A notice of the place, date and time and the purpose or purposes of each special meeting of the Board of Directors shall be given to each director by mailing the same at least two days before the special meeting, or by telegraphing or telephoning the same or by delivering the same personally not later than the day before the day of the meeting. 

SECTION 9.  Organization. At all meetings of the Board of Directors, the Chairman, if any, or if none or in the Chairman’s absence or inability to act the President, or in the President’s absence or inability to act any Vice-President who is a member of the Board of Directors, or in such Vice-President’s absence or inability to act a chairman chosen by the directors, shall preside. The Secretary of the Corporation shall act as secretary at all meetings of the Board of Directors when present, and, in the Secretary’s absence, the presiding officer may appoint any person to act as secretary. 

^^^^^ 
^Resignation. Any director may resign at any time upon written notice to the Corporation and such resignation shall take effect upon receipt thereof by the President or Secretary, unless otherwise specified in the resignation. Any or all of the directors may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares of stock outstanding and entitled to vote for the election of directors. 

SECTION 11.  Vacancies. Unless otherwise provided in these By-laws, vacancies on the Board of Directors, whether caused by resignation, death, disqualification, removal, an increase in the authorized number of directors or otherwise, may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of the remaining directors, although less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, or at a special meeting of the stockholders, by the holders of shares entitled to vote for the election of directors. 

SECTION 12.  Action by Written Consent. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting if all the directors consent thereto in writing, and the writing or writings are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors. 

^\centered Committees 

SECTION 1.  Appointment. From time to time the Board of Directors by a resolution adopted by a majority of the entire Board may appoint any committee or committees for any purpose or purposes, to the extent lawful, which shall have powers as shall be determined and specified by the Board of Directors in the resolution of appointment. 

SECTION 2.  Procedures, Quorum and Manner of Acting. Each committee shall fix its own rules of procedure, and shall meet where and as provided by such rules or by resolution of the Board of Directors. Except as otherwise provided by law, the presence of a majority of the then appointed members of a committee shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business by that committee, and in every case where a quorum is present the affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the committee present shall be the act of the committee. Each committee shall keep minutes of its proceedings, and actions taken by a committee shall be reported to the Board of Directors. 

^^^^^ 
^Action by Written Consent. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of any committee of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting if all the members of the committee consent thereto in writing, and the writing or writings are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the committee. 

SECTION 4.  Term; Termination. In the event any person shall cease to be a director of the Corporation, such person shall simultaneously therewith cease to be a member of any committee appointed by the Board of Directors. 

^\centered Officers 

SECTION 1.  Officers. The Corporation shall have as officers, a Chairman of the Board, a President, a Chief Financial Officer, a Secretary and a Treasurer. The Corporation may also have, at the discretion of the Board of Directors, one or more Vice Presidents, one or more assistant secretaries, one or more assistant treasurers and such other officers as the Board may from time to time deem proper. Any two or more officer may be held by the same person except the offices of the President and Secretary. 

SECTION 2.  Election of Officers. The officers of the Corporation shall be chosen by the Board of Directors. 

SECTION 3.  Term of Office and Remuneration. The term of office of all officers shall be one year and until their respective successors have been elected and qualified, but any officer may be removed from office, either with or without cause, at any time by the Board of Directors. Any vacancy in any office arising from any cause may be filled for the unexpired portion of the term by the Board of Directors. The remuneration of all officers of the Corporation may be fixed by the Board of Directors or in such manner as the Board of Directors shall provide. 

SECTION 4.  Resignation; Removal. Any officer may resign at any time upon written notice to the Corporation and such resignation shall take effect upon receipt thereof by the President or Secretary, unless otherwise specified in the resignation. Any officer shall be subject to removal, with or without cause, at any time by vote of a majority of the entire Board. 

^^^^^ 
^Chairman of the Board. The Chairman of the Board of Directors, if there be one, shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors and shall have such other powers and duties as may from time to time be assigned by the Board of Directors. 

SECTION 6.  President. The President shall have general management and supervision of the property, business and affairs of the Corporation and over its other officers; may appoint and remove assistant officers and other agents and employees, other than officers referred to in Section 1 of this Article IV; and may execute and deliver in the name of the Corporation powers of attorney, contracts, bonds and other obligations and instruments. 

SECTION 7.  Vice-President. A Vice-President may execute and deliver in the name of the Corporation contracts and other obligations and instruments pertaining to the regular course of the duties of said office, and shall have such other authority as from time to time may be assigned by the Board of Directors or the President. 

SECTION 8.  Chief Financial Officer.  

^^The Chief Financial Officer shall keep, or cause to be kept, the books and records of account of the Corporation. 

^^The Chief Financial Officer shall deposit all monies and other valuables in the name and to the credit of the Corporation with such depositories as may be designated from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors. He shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, shall render to the President and the Board, whenever they request it, an account of all of his transactions as Chief Financial Officer and of the financial condition of the Corporation, and shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed from time to time by the Board or as the President may from time to time delegate. 

SECTION 9.  Treasurer. The Treasurer shall in general have all duties incident to the position of Treasurer and such other duties as may be assigned by the Board of Directors or the President. 

^^^^^ 
^Secretary. The Secretary shall in general have all the duties incident to the office of Secretary and such other duties as may be assigned by the Board of Directors or the President. 

SECTION 11.  Assistant Officers. Any assistant officer shall have such powers and duties of the officer such assistant officer assists as such officer or the Board of Directors shall from time to time prescribe. 

^\centered Books and Records 

SECTION 1.  Location. The books and records of the Corporation may be kept at such place or places within or outside the State of Delaware as the Board of Directors or the respective officers in charge thereof may from time to time determine. The record books containing the names and addresses of all stockholders, the number and class of shares of stock held by each and the dates when they respectively became the owners of record thereof shall be kept by the Secretary as prescribed in the By-laws and by such officer or agent as shall be designated by the Board of Directors. 

SECTION 2.  Addresses of Stockholders. Notices of meetings and all other corporate notices may be delivered personally or mailed to each stockholder at the stockholder’s address as it appears on the records of the Corporation. 

^\centered Certificates Representing Stock 

SECTION 1.  Certificates; Signatures. The shares of the Corporation shall be represented by certificates, provided that the Board of Directors of the Corporation may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock shall be uncertificated shares. Any such resolution shall not apply to shares represented by a certificate until such certificate is surrendered to the Corporation. Notwithstanding the adoption of such a resolution by the Board of Directors, every holder of stock represented by certificates and upon request every holder of uncertificated shares shall be entitled to have a certificate, signed by or in the name of the Corporation by the Chairman or Vice-Chairman of the Board of Directors, or the President or Vice-President, and by the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Corporation, representing the number of shares registered in certificate form. Any and all 

^^^^^ 
signatures on any such certificate may be facsimiles. In case any officer, transfer agent or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if he were such officer, transfer agent or registrar at the date of issue. The name of the holder of record of the shares represented thereby, with the number of such shares and the date of issue, shall be entered on the books of the Corporation. 

SECTION 2.  Transfers of Stock. Upon compliance with provisions restricting the transfer or registration of transfer of shares of stock, if any, shares of capital stock shall be transferable on the books of the Corporation only by the holder of record thereof in person, or by duly authorized attorney, upon surrender and cancellation of certificates for a like number of shares, properly endorsed, and the payment of all taxes due thereon. 

SECTION 3.  Fractional Shares. The Corporation may, but shall not be required to, issue certificates for fractions of a share where necessary to effect authorized transactions, or the Corporation may pay in cash the fair value of fractions of a share as of the time when those entitled to receive such fractions are determined, or it may issue scrip in registered or bearer form over the manual or facsimile signature of an officer of the Corporation or of its agent, exchangeable as therein provided for full shares, but such scrip shall not entitle the holder to any rights of a stockholder except as therein provided. 

The Board of Directors shall have power and authority to make all such rules and regulations as it may deem expedient concerning the issue, transfer and registration of certificates representing shares of the Corporation. 

SECTION 4.  Lost, Stolen or Destroyed Certificates. The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock in place of any certificate, theretofore issued by it, alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed, and the Board of Directors may require the owner of any lost, stolen or destroyed certificate, or his legal representative, to give the Corporation a bond sufficient to indemnify the Corporation against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of any such new certificate. 

^^^^^ 
^\centered Dividends 

Subject always to the provisions of law and the Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of Directors shall have full power to determine whether any, and, if any, what part of any, funds legally available for the payment of dividends shall be declared as dividends and paid to stockholders; the division of the whole or any part of such funds of the Corporation shall rest wholly within the lawful discretion of the Board of Directors, and it shall not be required at any time, against such discretion, to divide or pay any part of such funds among or to the stockholders as dividends or otherwise; and before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the Board of Directors from time to time, in its absolute discretion, thinks proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, or for such other purpose as the Board of Directors shall think conducive to the interest of the Corporation, and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve in the manner in which it was created. 

^\centered Ratification 

Any transaction, questioned in any law suit on the ground of lack of authority, defective or irregular execution, adverse interest of director, officer or stockholder, non-disclosure, miscomputation, or the application of improper principles of practices of accounting, may be ratified before or after judgment, by the Board of Directors or by the stockholders, and if so ratified shall have the same force and effect as if the questioned transaction had been originally duly authorized. Such ratification shall be binding upon the Corporation and its stockholders and shall constitute a bar to any claim or execution of any judgment in respect of such questioned transaction. 

^^^^^ 
^\centered Indemnification 

SECTION 1.  Right to Indemnification. The Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless, to the fullest extent permitted by law as it presently exists or may hereafter be amended, any person who was or is made or is threatened to be made a party or is otherwise involved in any action or suit, whether or not by or in the right of the Corporation, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (collectively, a “proceeding”) by reason of the fact that he, or a person for whom he is the legal representative, is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or nonprofit entity, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, against all liability and loss, including judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement, incurred, suffered or paid by or on behalf of such person, and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) reasonably incurred by such person. 

SECTION 2.  Prepayment of Expenses. The Corporation shall pay the expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred in defending any proceeding in advance of its final disposition,  provided, however, that the payment of expenses incurred by a director or officer in advance of the final disposition of the proceeding shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking by the director or officer to repay all amounts advanced if it should be ultimately determined that the director or officer is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article or otherwise. 

SECTION 3.  Claims. The right to indemnification and payment of expenses under the Certificate of Incorporation, these By-laws or otherwise shall be a contract right. If a claim for indemnification or payment of expenses under this Article is not paid in full within sixty days after a written claim therefor has been received by the Corporation, the claimant may file suit to recover the unpaid amount of such claim and, if successful in whole or in part, shall be entitled to be paid the expense of prosecuting such claim. In any such action the Corporation shall have the burden of proving that the claimant was not entitled to the requested indemnification or payment of expenses under applicable law. 

^^^^^ 
^Non-Exclusivity of Rights. The rights conferred on any person by this Article shall not be exclusive of any other rights which such person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, these By-laws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise. 

SECTION 5.  Other Indemnification. The Corporation’s obligation, if any, to indemnify any person who was or is serving at its request as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or nonprofit entity shall be reduced by any amount such person may collect as indemnification from such other corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, enterprise or nonprofit enterprise. 

SECTION 6.  Amendment or Repeal. Any repeal or modification of the foregoing provisions of this Article IX shall not adversely affect any right or protection hereunder of any person in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such repeal or modification. 

^\centered Corporate Seal 

The corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the name of the Corporation and the year of its incorporation, and shall be in such form and contain such other words and/or figures as the Board of Directors shall determine. The corporate seal may be used by printing, engraving, lithographing, stamping or otherwise making, placing or affixing, or causing to be printed, engraved, lithographed, stamped or otherwise made, placed or affixed, upon any paper or document, by any process whatsoever, an impression, facsimile or other reproduction of said corporate seal. 

^\centered Fiscal Year 

The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be determined, and may be subsequently changed from time to time, by resolution of the Board of Directors. 

^^^^^ 
^\centered Waiver of Notice 

Whenever notice is required to be given by these By-laws or by the Certificate of Incorporation or by law, a written waiver thereof, signed by the person or persons entitled to said notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. 

^\centered Bank Accounts, Drafts, Contracts, Etc. 

SECTION 1.  Bank Accounts and Drafts. In addition to such bank accounts as may be authorized by the Board of Directors, the primary financial officer or any person designated by said primary financial officer, whether or not an employee of the Corporation, may authorize such bank accounts to be opened or maintained in the name and on behalf of the Corporation as he may deem necessary or appropriate, payments from such bank accounts to be made upon and according to the check of the Corporation in accordance with the written instructions of said primary financial officer, or other person so designated by the Treasurer. 

SECTION 2.  Contracts. The Board of Directors may authorize any person or persons, in the name and on behalf of the Corporation, to enter into or execute and deliver any and all deeds, bonds, mortgages, contracts and other obligations or instruments, and such authority may be general or confined to specific instances. 

SECTION 3.  Proxies; Powers of Attorney; Other Instruments. The Chairman, the President or any other person designated by either of them shall have the power and authority to execute and deliver proxies, powers of attorney and other instruments on behalf of the Corporation in connection with the rights and powers incident to the ownership of stock by the Corporation. The Chairman, the President or any other person authorized by proxy or power of attorney executed and delivered by either of them on behalf of the Corporation may attend and vote at any meeting of stockholders of any company in which the Corporation may hold stock, and may exercise on behalf of the Corporation any and all of the rights and powers incident to the ownership of such stock at any such meeting, or otherwise as specified in the proxy or power of attorney so authorizing any such person. The Board of Directors, from time to time, may confer like powers upon any other person. 

^^^^^ 
^Financial Reports. The Board of Directors may appoint the primary financial officer or other fiscal officer and/or the Secretary or any other officer to cause to be prepared and furnished to stockholders entitled thereto any special financial notice and/or financial statement, as the case may be, which may be required by any provision of law. 

^\centered Amendments 

The Board of Directors shall have power to adopt, amend or repeal By-laws. By-laws adopted by the Board of Directors may be repealed or changed, and new By-laws made, by the stockholders, and the stockholders may prescribe that any By-law made by them shall not be altered, amended or repealed by the Board of Directors. 
 