\centered **APPENDIX A** 

\centered **BRYN MAWR BANK CORPORATION 2010 LONG-TERM INCENTIVE PLAN** 

\centered **ESTABLISHMENT OF THE PLAN** 

^^PLAN NAME. As of the Effective Date, the name of this plan shall be the Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation (“Corporation”) “2010 Long-Term Incentive Plan” (hereinafter called the “Plan”). 

^^EFFECTIVE DATE. This Plan shall become effective on [[Date 1: Date]] (the “Effective Date”), subject to its approval by the holders of a majority of the voting power of the shares deemed present and entitled to vote at the Corporation’s Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on that date. 

^^PURPOSE. The purpose of the Plan is to promote the success and enhance the value of the Corporation by providing long-term incentives to directors and employees of the Corporation and its subsidiaries linking their personal interest to that of the Corporation’s shareholders. The Plan is further intended to provide flexibility to the Corporation by increasing its ability to motivate, attract and retain the services of employees and directors upon whose judgment, interest and special effort the successful conduct of the Corporation’s operations are largely dependent. 

\centered **DEFINITIONS** 

^^AWARD. An “Award” is a grant of Stock Options, Stock Appreciation Rights, Dividend Equivalents, Performance Awards, Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units under the Plan. 

^^BOARD. The “Board” is the Board of Directors of the Corporation. 

^^CAUSE. “Cause” means, (i) the willful and continued failure to substantially perform the Participant’s duties (other than failure resulting from incapacity due to physical or mental illness) after receipt of a written demand for such performance specifically identifying such failure; (ii) the willful engaging by the Participant in illegal conduct or gross misconduct that is materially and demonstrably injurious to the Corporation or its successor; (iii) breach of fiduciary duty, or (iv) breach of any confidentiality, non-compete, non-solicitation agreement, non-disparagement or any other stipulated agreement. 

^^CHANGE IN CONTROL. A “Change in Control” with respect to any Award has the meaning assigned to the term in the change in control agreement, if any, between the Participant and the Corporation, provided, however, that if there is no such change in control agreement, it shall mean: (a) the acquisition by any Person (as the term “Person” is used for the purposes of Section 13 (d) or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”)) of direct or indirect beneficial ownership (within the meaning of Rule 13D promulgated under the Exchange Act) of fifty percent ([[Percentage 1: Number]]%) of the combined voting power of the then outstanding securities of the Corporation entitled to vote in the election of directors (the “Voting Securities”); or (b) during any period of two (2) consecutive years (not including any period prior to the Effective Date), individuals who at the beginning of such period constitute the Board and any new director whose election by the Board or nomination for election by the Corporation’s shareholders, was approved by a vote of at least 

two-thirds of the directors then still in office who either were directors at the beginning of the period or whose election or nomination for election was previously so approved, cease for any reason to constitute a majority thereof; or (c) the consummation of (i) the sale or disposition of all or substantially all of the Corporations’ assets, or (ii) a merger or consolidation of the Corporation with any other corporation other than a merger or consolidation which would result in the Voting Securities of the Corporation outstanding immediately prior thereto continuing to represent (either by remaining outstanding or by being converted into voting securities of the surviving entity) at least fifty percent ([[Percentage 1]]%) of the combined voting power of the Voting Securities of the Corporation (or such surviving entity) outstanding immediately after such merger or consolidation or (d) the shareholders of the Corporation approve a plan of complete liquidation of the Corporation. 

However, in no event shall a Change in Control be deemed to have occurred with respect to a Participant, if the Participant is part of a purchasing group which consummates the Change in Control transaction. 

^^CODE. The “Code” is the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and rules and regulations thereunder, as now in force or as hereafter amended. 

^^COMMITTEE. The “Committee” is the committee described in Section 8.1 hereof. 

^^COMMON STOCK. “Common Stock” is the common stock, $[[USD Value 3: Number]] par value per share (as such par value may be adjusted from time to time) of the Corporation. 

^^CORPORATION. The “Corporation” is Bryn Mawr Bank Corporation, a Pennsylvania corporation, and any successor thereof. 

^^DATE OF GRANT. The “Date of Grant” of an Award is the date designated in the resolution by the Committee as the date of an Award, which shall not be earlier than the date of the resolution and action thereon by the Committee. In the absence of a designated date or a fixed method of computing such date being specifically set forth in the Committee’s resolution, then the Date of Grant shall be the date of the Committee’s resolution or action. In no event shall the Date of Grant of any Award that is authorized by the Committee on or after the Effective Date be earlier than the Effective Date. 

^^DIRECTOR. A member of the Board or the board of directors of a Subsidiary. 

^^DIVIDEND EQUIVALENT. A “Dividend Equivalent” is a right to receive an amount equal to the regular cash dividend paid on one share of Common Stock. Dividend Equivalents may only be granted in connection with the grant of an Award that is based on but does not consist of shares of Common Stock (whether or not restricted). The number of Dividend Equivalents so granted shall not exceed the number of related stock-based rights. (For example, the number of Dividend Equivalents granted in connection with a grant of Stock Appreciation Rights may equal the number of such Stock Appreciation Rights, even though the number of shares actually paid upon exercise of those Stock Appreciation Rights necessarily will be less than the number of Stock Appreciation Rights and Dividend Equivalents granted.) Dividend Equivalents shall be subject to such terms and conditions as may be established by the Committee, but they shall expire no later than the date on which their related stock-based rights are either exercised, expire or are forfeited (whichever occurs first). The amounts payable due to a grant of Dividend Equivalents may be paid in cash, either currently or deferred, or converted into shares of Common Stock, as determined by the Committee. 

^^EXCHANGE ACT. The “Exchange Act” is the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and rules and regulations thereunder, as now in force or as hereafter amended. 

^^FAIR MARKET VALUE. “Fair Market Value” of a share of Common Stock on any date is the last sale price as reported by the NASDAQ Global Market on the preceding day, but if no sales are reported on that day, for the last preceding day on which a sale was reported. 

^^GOOD REASON. “Good Reason” means any material diminution of the Participant’s position, authority, duties or responsibilities (including the assignment of duties materially inconsistent with the Participant’s position or a material increase in the time Participant is required by the Corporation or its successor to travel), any reduction in salary or in the Participant’s aggregate bonus and incentive opportunities, any material reduction in the aggregate value of the Participant’s employee benefits (including retirement, welfare and fringe benefits), or relocation to a principal work site that is more than 40 miles further from the Participant’s primary residence than the Participant’s principal work site immediately prior to the Change in Control. 

^^INCENTIVE STOCK OPTIONS. An “Incentive Stock Option” means a Stock Option granted under the Plan which satisfies the requirements of Section 422 of the Code or such successor provision as may be in effect from time to time. 

^^NON-QUALIFIED OPTIONS. A “Non-Qualified Option” is a Stock Option under the Plan which is not an Incentive Stock Option intended to satisfy the requirements of Section 422 of the Code or such successor provision as may be in effect from time to time. 

^^PARTICIPANT. A “Participant” is a person who has been designated as such by the Committee and granted an Award under this Plan pursuant to Article III hereof. 

^^PERFORMANCE AWARD. A “Performance Award” is a right to either a number of shares of Common Stock (“Performance Shares”) or a cash amount (“Performance Units”) determined (in either case) in accordance with Article IV of this Plan based on the extent to which the applicable Performance Goals are achieved. A Performance Share shall be of no value to a Participant unless and until earned in accordance with Article IV hereof. 

^^PERFORMANCE GOALS. “Performance Goals” are the performance conditions, if any, established pursuant to Section 4.1 hereof by the Committee in connection with an Award. 

^^PERFORMANCE PERIOD. The “Performance Period” with respect to a Performance Award is a period of not less than one calendar year or one fiscal year of the Corporation, beginning not earlier than the year in which such Performance Award is granted, which may be referred to herein and by the Committee by use of the calendar or fiscal year in which a particular Performance Period commences. 

^^PLAN YEAR. The “Plan Year” shall be a fiscal year of the Corporation falling within the term of this Plan. 

^^RESTRICTED PERIOD. The “Restricted Period” with respect to Restricted Stock is the period of time during which certain restrictions established by the Committee shall apply to the Award, as provided in Section 6.1 of this Plan. 

^^RESTRICTED STOCK. “Restricted Stock” is Common Stock granted subject to terms and conditions, including a risk of forfeiture, established by the Committee pursuant to Article VI of this Plan. 

^^RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT. A “Restricted Stock Unit” is a right to receive one share of Common Stock at a future date that has been granted subject to terms and conditions, including a risk of forfeiture, established by the Committee pursuant to Article VI of this Plan. 

^^STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHT. A “Stock Appreciation Right” is a right to receive, upon exercise of that right, an amount, which may be paid in cash, shares of Common Stock or a combination thereof in the discretion of the Committee, equal to the difference between the Fair Market Value of one share of Common Stock as of the date of exercise and the exercise price for that right as determined by the Committee on the Date of Grant. Stock Appreciation Rights may be granted in tandem with Stock Options or other Awards or may be freestanding. 

^^STOCK OPTION. A “Stock Option” is a right to purchase from the Corporation at any time not more than ten years following the Date of Grant, one share of Common Stock for an exercise price not less than the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the Date of Grant, subject to such terms and conditions established pursuant to Article V hereof. Stock Options may be either Non-Qualified Options or Incentive Stock Options. 

^^SUBSIDIARY. The terms “Subsidiary” or “Subsidiary Corporation” mean any corporation, partnership, joint venture or other entity during any period in which at least fifty percent ([[Percentage 1]]%) voting or profit interest is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Corporation, including all business entities that, at the time in question, are subsidiaries of the Corporation within the meaning of Section 424(f) of the Code. 

\centered **GRANTING OF AWARDS TO PARTICIPANTS** 

^^ELIGIBLE PARTICIPANTS. Awards may be granted by the Committee to any employee of the Corporation or a Subsidiary, including any employee who is also a director of the Corporation or a Subsidiary. Awards other than grants of Incentive Stock Options may also be granted to a director of the Corporation who is not an employee of the Corporation or a Subsidiary. References in this Plan to “employment” and similar terms (except “employee”) shall include the providing of services in the capacity of a director. A person who has been engaged by the Corporation for employment shall be eligible for Awards other than Incentive Stock Options, provided such person actually reports for and commences such employment within 90 days after the Date of Grant. Incentive Stock Options may be granted only to individuals who are employees on the Date of Grant. 

^^DESIGNATION OF PARTICIPANTS. At any time and from time to time during the Plan Year, the Committee may designate the employees and directors of the Corporation and its Subsidiaries eligible for Awards. 

^^ALLOCATION OF AWARDS. Contemporaneously with the designation of a Participant pursuant to Section 3.2 hereof, the Committee shall determine the size, type and Date of Grant for each Award, taking into consideration such factors as it deems relevant, which may include the following: (a) the total number of shares of Common Stock available for Awards under the Plan; (b) the work assignment or the position of the Participant and its sensitivity and/or impact in relationship to the 

profitability and growth of the Corporation and its Subsidiaries; and (c) the Participant’s performance in reference to such factors. 

The Committee may grant a Participant only one type of Award or it may grant any combination of Awards in whatever relationship one to the other, if any, as the Committee in its discretion so determines. 

^^NOTIFICATION TO PARTICIPANTS AND DELIVERY OF DOCUMENTS. As soon as practicable after such determinations have been made, each Participant shall be notified of (a) his/her designation as a Participant, (b) the Date of Grant, (c) the number and type of Awards granted to the Participant, (d) in the case of Performance Awards, the Performance Period and Performance Goals, and (e) in the case of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units, the Restriction Period. The Participant shall thereafter be supplied with written evidence of any such Awards. 

^^AWARD AGREEMENTS. Each Award shall be evidenced by an agreement (an “Award Agreement”), which will be provided to the Participant. Each Award Agreement shall include such provisions, not inconsistent with the Plan, as may be specified by the Committee. 

\centered **PERFORMANCE AWARDS** 

^^ESTABLISHMENT OF PERFORMANCE GOALS. Performance Goals applicable to a Performance Award shall be established by the Committee in its sole discretion on or before the Date of Grant and not more than a reasonable period of time after the beginning of the relevant Performance Period. Such Performance Goals may include or be based upon any of the following criteria: pretax operating contribution; economic value added; consolidated profits of the Corporation expressed as a percent improvement, from year to year, or as a percentage of total revenue; earnings per share; return on capital; return on investment; return on shareholders’ equity; internal rate of return; efficiency ratio; revenue; working capital; pre-tax segment profit; net profit; net interest margin; earnings before interest and taxes; earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; return on assets; growth of loans and/or deposits; market share; business expansions; cash flow; stock price or performance; and total shareholder return. Performance Goals may be absolute in their terms or be measured against or in relationship to other companies comparably, similarly or otherwise situated. The Committee, in its sole discretion, may modify the Performance Goals if it determines that circumstances have changed and modification is required to reflect the original intent of the Performance Goals; provided, however, that no such change or modification may be made to the extent it increases the amount of compensation payable to any Participant who is a “covered employee” within the meaning of Code Section 162(m). The Committee may in its sole discretion classify Participants into as many groups as it determines, and as to any Participant relate his/her Performance Goals partially, or entirely, to the measured performance, either absolutely or relatively, of an identified Subsidiary, operating company or test strategy or new venture of the Corporation. 

^^LEVELS OF PERFORMANCE REQUIRED TO EARN PERFORMANCE AWARDS. At or about the same time that Performance Goals are established for a specific period, the Committee shall in its absolute discretion establish the percentage of the Performance Awards granted for such Performance Period which shall be earned by the Participant for various levels of performance measured in relation to achievement of Performance Goals for such Performance Period. 

^^OTHER RESTRICTIONS. The Committee shall determine the terms and conditions applicable to any Performance Award, which may include restrictions on the delivery of Common 

Stock payable in connection with the Performance Award and restrictions that could result in the future forfeiture of all or part of any Common Stock earned. The Committee may provide that shares of Common Stock issued in connection with a Performance Award be held in escrow and/or legended. 

^^NOTIFICATION TO PARTICIPANTS. Promptly after the Committee has established or modified the Performance Goals with respect to a Performance Award, the Participant shall be provided with written notice of the Performance Goals so established or modified. Performance Awards shall be evidenced by written agreements in such form and not inconsistent with the Plan as the Committee shall in its sole discretion approve from time to time. 

^^MEASUREMENT OF PERFORMANCE AGAINST PERFORMANCE GOALS. The Committee shall, as soon as practicable after the close of a Performance Period, determine: (a) the extent to which the Performance Goals for such Performance Period have been achieved; and (b) the percentage of the Performance Awards earned as a result. 

These determinations shall be absolute and final as to the facts and conclusions therein made and be binding on all parties. Promptly after the Committee has made the foregoing determination, each Participant who has earned Performance Awards shall be notified, in writing thereof. For all purposes of this Plan, notice shall be deemed to have been given the date action is taken by the Committee making the determination. Participants may not sell, transfer, pledge, exchange, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of all or any portion of their Performance Awards during the Performance Period, except that Performance Awards may be transferable by assignment by a Participant to the extent provided in the applicable Performance Award agreement. 

^^TREATMENT OF PERFORMANCE AWARDS EARNED. Upon the Committee’s determination that a percentage of any Performance Awards has been earned for a Performance Period, Participants to whom such earned Performance Awards have been granted and who have been (or were) in the employ of the Corporation or a Subsidiary thereof continuously from the Date of Grant, subject to the exceptions set forth at Section 4.9 and Section 4.10 hereof, shall be entitled, subject to the other conditions of this Plan, to payment in accordance with the terms and conditions of their Performance Awards. Such terms and conditions may permit or require that any applicable tax withholding be deducted from the amount payable. Performance Awards shall under no circumstances become earned or have any value whatsoever for any Participant who is not in the employ of the Corporation or its Subsidiaries continuously during the entire Performance Period for which such Performance Award was granted, except as provided at Section 4.9 or Section 4.10 hereof. 

^^DISTRIBUTION. Distributions payable pursuant to Section 4.6 above shall be made as soon as practicable after the Committee determines the Performance Awards have been earned unless the provisions of Section 4.8 hereof are applicable to a Participant. 

^^DEFERRAL OF RECEIPT OF PERFORMANCE AWARD DISTRIBUTIONS. With the consent of the Committee, a Participant who has been granted a Performance Award may by compliance with the then applicable procedures under the Plan irrevocably elect in writing to defer receipt of all or any part of any distribution associated with that Performance Award. The terms of any deferral and the election to defer under this Plan must comply with Section 409A of the Code. The terms and conditions of any such deferral, including but not limited to, the period of time for, and form of, election; the manner and method of payout; the plan and form in which the deferred amount shall be held; the interest equivalent or other payment that shall accrue pending its payout; and the use and 

form of Dividend Equivalents in respect of stock-based units resulting from such deferral, shall be as determined by the Committee. The Committee may, at any time and from time to time, but prospectively only except as hereinafter provided, amend, modify, change, suspend or cancel any and all of the rights, procedures, mechanics and timing parameters relating to such deferrals. In addition, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, accelerate the payout of such deferrals (and any earnings thereon), or any portion thereof, either in a lump sum or in a series of payments, but under the following conditions only: (a) the Federal tax statutes, regulations or interpretations are amended, modified, or otherwise changed or affected in such a manner as to adversely alter or modify the tax effect of such deferrals; or (b) the Participant suffers or incurs an event that would qualify for a “withdrawal” of contributions that have not been accumulated for two years without adverse consequences on the tax status of a qualified profit-sharing or stock bonus plan under the Federal tax laws applicable from time to time to such types of plans. 

^^NON-DISQUALIFYING TERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT. Except for Section 4.10 hereof, the only exceptions to the requirement of continuous employment during a Performance Period for Performance Award distribution are termination of a Participant’s employment by reason of death (in which event the Performance Award may be transferable by will or the laws of descent and distribution only to such Participant’s beneficiary designated to receive the Performance Award or to the Participant’s applicable legal representatives, heirs or legatees), total and permanent disability, with the consent of the Committee, normal or late retirement or early retirement, with the consent of the Committee, or transfer of an executive in a spin-off, with the consent of the Committee, occurring during the Performance Period applicable to the subject Performance Award. In such instance a distribution of the Performance Award shall be made, upon the end of the Performance Period (subject to the Committees determination of the percentage of the Performance Award earned), and [[Percentage 2: Number]]% of the total Performance Award that would have been earned during the Performance Period, if the Participant had met the requirement of continuous employment during a Performance Period, shall be earned and paid out; provided, however, in a spin-off situation the Committee may set additional conditions, such as, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, continuous employment with the spin-off entity. 

^^CHANGE IN CONTROL. In the event of a Change in Control, a pro rata portion of all outstanding Performance Awards under the Plan shall be payable ten days after the Change in Control. The amount payable shall be determined by assuming that [[Percentage 2]]% of each Performance Award was earned at target levels, and by multiplying the earned amount by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of months that have elapsed in the applicable Performance Period prior to the Change in Control and the denominator of which shall be the total number of months in the Performance Period. 

\centered **STOCK OPTIONS AND** 

\centered **STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS** 

^^NON-QUALIFIED OPTION. Non-Qualified Options granted under the Plan are Stock Options that are not intended to be Incentive Stock Options under the provisions of Section 422 of the Code. Non-Qualified Options shall be evidenced by written agreements in such form and not inconsistent with the Plan as the Committee shall in its sole discretion approve from time to time, which agreements shall specify the number of shares to which they pertain and the purchase price of such shares. 

^^INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION. Incentive Stock Options granted under the Plan are Stock Options that are intended to be “incentive stock options” under Section 422 of the Code, and the Plan shall be administered, except with respect to the right to exercise options after termination of employment, to qualify Incentive Stock Options issued hereunder as incentive stock options under Section 422 of the Code. An Incentive Stock Option shall not be granted to an employee who owns, or is deemed under Section 424(d) of the Code to own, stock of the Corporation (or of any parent or Subsidiary of the Corporation) possessing more than [[Percentage 3: Number]]% of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock therein. The aggregate Fair Market Value (determined as of the time the option is granted) of the stock with respect to which Incentive Stock Options are exercisable for the first time by any Participant during any calendar year (under all incentive stock option plans of the Corporation or any parent or Subsidiary of the Corporation) shall not exceed $[[USD Value 1: Number]] Incentive Stock Options shall be evidenced by written agreements in such form and not inconsistent with the Plan as the Committee shall in its sole discretion approve from time to time, which agreements shall specify the number of shares to which they pertain and the purchase price of such shares. 

^^OPTION TERMS. Stock Options granted under this Plan shall be subject to the following terms and conditions: 

^^*Option Period*. Each Stock Option shall expire and all rights to purchase shares thereunder shall cease not more than ten years after its Date of Grant or on such date prior thereto as may be fixed by the Committee, or on such other date as is provided by this Plan in the event of termination of employment, death or reorganization. No Stock Option shall permit the purchase of any shares thereunder during the first year after its Date of Grant, except as provided in Section 5.5 hereof or as otherwise determined by the Committee. 

^^*Exercise Price*. The purchase price per share payable upon exercise of a Stock Option shall not be less than the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock on the Date of Grant of the Stock Option. 

^^*Time and Conditions of Exercise*. The Committee shall determine the time or times at which an Option may be vested and exercised in whole or in part. The Committee also shall determine the performance or other conditions, if any, that must be satisfied before all or part of an Option may be exercised. The Committee may waive any exercise provisions at any time in whole or in part based upon factors as the Committee may determine in its sole discretion so that the Option becomes exercisable at an earlier date. 

^^*Transferability and Termination of Options*. During the lifetime of an individual to whom a Stock Option is granted, the Stock Option may be exercised only by such individual and only while such individual is an employee of the Corporation or a Subsidiary and only if the Participant has been continuously so employed by any one or combination thereof since the Date of Grant of the Stock Option, provided, however, that if the employment of such Participant by the Corporation or a Subsidiary Corporation terminates, the Stock Option may additionally be exercised as follows, or in any other manner provided by the Committee, but in no event later than ten years after the Date of Grant of the Stock Option: 

^^^if a Participant’s termination of employment occurs by reason of normal or late retirement under any retirement plan of the Corporation or its Subsidiaries, such Participant’s Stock Options may be exercised within five years after the date of such termination of employment. If a Participant’s termination of employment occurs by reason of early 

retirement under any retirement plan of the Corporation or its Subsidiaries, or by reason of the transfer of a Participant in a spin-off, or by reason of total and permanent disability, as determined by the Committee, without retirement, then such Participant’s Stock Options shall be exercisable for a period of up to five years after the date of such termination of employment if the Committee consents to such an extension. During the extension period, the right to exercise Stock Options, if any, accruing in installments, shall continue unless the Committee provides otherwise; provided, however, that if the Stock Options are Incentive Stock Options all installments shall be immediately exercisable; and provided further, that the Committee may set additional conditions, such as, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, an agreement to not provide services to a competitor of the Corporation and its Subsidiaries and/or continuous employment with a spin-off entity; 

^^^if a Participant’s termination of employment occurs by reason of death, then such Participant’s outstanding Stock Options shall all become immediately exercisable and may be exercised within five years after the date of death or the life of the option, whichever is less, but in the case of Non-Qualified Options in no event less than one year after the date of death, unless the Committee provides otherwise; 

^^^if a Participant’s termination of employment occurs for any reason other than as specified in Section 5.3(d)(i) or (ii) hereof, the Committee has not approved an extension and Participant’s termination of employment is not for Cause, then, but only with respect to Options that are as of the date of termination vested, such Participant’s Stock Options may be exercised within ninety days after the date of such termination of employment; 

^^^rights accruing to a Participant under Sections 5.3(d)(i) and 5.3(d)(iii) may, upon the death of a Participant subsequent to his/her termination of employment, be exercised by his/her duly designated beneficiary or otherwise by his/her applicable legal representatives, heirs or legatees to the extent vested in and unexercised or perfected by the Participant at the date of his/her death. In the case of Non-Qualified Options, the period for such exercise shall not expire less than one year after the date of the Participant’s death; 

^^^if a Participant’s termination of employment occurs for Cause, such Participant’s unexercised vested and unvested Stock Options shall be null and void immediately upon termination of the Participant’s service and may not be exercised; and 

^^^absence on an approved leave of absence communicated to the Committee shall not be deemed a termination or interruption of continuous employment for the purposes of the Plan. 

No Stock Option shall be assignable or transferable by the individual to whom it is granted, except that it may be transferable (x) by assignment by the Participant to the extent provided in the applicable option agreement, or (y) by will or the laws of descent and distribution in accordance with the provisions of this Plan. An option transferred after the death of the Participant to whom it is granted may only be exercised by such individual’s beneficiary designated to exercise the option or otherwise by his/her applicable legal representatives, heirs or legatees, and only within the specific time period set forth above and only to the extent vested in and unexercised by the Participant at the date of his/her death, except as provided in Section 5.3(d)(ii). 

In no event, whether by the Participant directly or by his/her proper assignee or beneficiary or other representative, shall any option be exercisable at any time after its expiration date as stated in the 

option agreement, except as provided in Section 5.3(d)(ii) and (iv). When an option is no longer exercisable it shall be deemed for all purposes and without further act to have lapsed and terminated. The Committee may, in its sole discretion, determine solely for the purposes of the Plan that a Participant is permanently and totally disabled, and the acts and decisions of the Committee made in good faith in relation to any such determination shall be conclusive upon all persons and interests affected thereby. 

^^*Exercise of Options*. An individual entitled to exercise Stock Options may, subject to their terms and conditions and the terms and conditions of the Plan, exercise them in whole or in part by delivery of written notice of exercise to the Corporation at its principal office, specifying the number of whole shares of Common Stock with respect to which the Stock Options are being exercised. Before shares may be issued, payment must be made in full, in legal United States tender, in the amount of the purchase price of the shares to be purchased at the time and any amounts for withholding as provided in Section 10.8 hereof; provided, however, in lieu of paying for the exercise price in cash as described above, the individual may pay (subject to such conditions and procedures as the Committee may establish) all or part of such exercise price by tendering (either actually or by attestation) owned and unencumbered shares of Common Stock acceptable to the Committee and having a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise of the Stock Options equal to or less than the exercise price of the Stock Options exercised, with cash, as set forth above, for the remainder, if any, of the purchase price; provided, further, that the Committee may permit a Participant to elect to pay the exercise price by authorizing a third party to sell shares of Common Stock (or a sufficient portion of the shares) acquired upon exercise of the Stock Options and remit to the Corporation a sufficient portion of the sale proceeds to pay the entire exercise price and any tax withholding resulting from such exercise. Subject to rules established by the Committee, the withholdings required by Section 10.8 hereof may be satisfied by the Corporation withholding shares of Common Stock issued on exercise that have a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise of the Stock Options equal to or less than the withholding required by Section 10.8 hereof. 

^^*Repricing Prohibited*. Subject to Sections 5.5, 7.3 and 10.7, outstanding Stock Options granted under this Plan shall not be repriced. 

^^STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS. Stock Appreciation Rights may be granted to Participants either alone (“freestanding”) or in tandem with other Awards, including Performance Awards, Stock Options and Restricted Stock. Stock Appreciation Rights granted in tandem with Incentive Stock Options must be granted at the same time as the Incentive Stock Options are granted. Stock Appreciation Rights granted in tandem with any other Award may be granted at any time prior to the earlier of the exercise or expiration of such Award. Stock Appreciation Rights granted in tandem with Stock Options shall terminate and no longer be exercisable upon the termination or exercise of the related Stock Options. The Committee shall establish the terms and conditions applicable to any Stock Appreciation Rights, which terms and conditions need not be uniform but may not be inconsistent with the terms of the Plan. Freestanding Stock Appreciation Rights shall generally be subject to terms and conditions substantially similar to those described in Section 5.3 for Stock Options, including the requirements of 5.3(a), (b) (c) and (f) regarding the maximum period, minimum price and prohibition on repricing. 

^^CHANGE IN CONTROL. In the event of a Change in Control: 

^^If the Corporation is the surviving entity and any adjustments necessary to preserve the value of the Participant’s outstanding Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights have been 

made, or the Corporation’s successor at the time of the Change in Control irrevocably assumes the Corporation’s obligations under this Plan or replaces the Participant’s outstanding Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights with stock options and stock appreciation rights of equal or greater value and having terms and conditions no less favorable to the Participant than those applicable to the Participant’s Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights immediately prior to the Change in Control, then such Awards or their replacement awards shall become immediately exercisable in full only if within two years after the Change in Control: 

^^^the Participant’s employment is terminated without Cause; 

^^^the Participant terminates employment with Good Reason; 

^^^the Participant’s employment terminates under circumstances that entitle the Participant to benefit under Participant’s change of control agreement or any income continuation benefits under any plan of the Corporation, a Subsidiary, or an entity that is a successor to the Corporation or a Subsidiary as a result of the Change in Control, or that would have entitled the Participant to such benefits if the Participant participated in such plan (for this purpose only, any such plan terminated in connection with the Change in Control shall be taken into account); or 

^^^the Participant’s employment terminates under circumstances that entitle the Participant to income continuation benefits under any change of control agreement or employment agreement between the Participant and the Corporation, a Subsidiary, or any successor thereof. 

^^If 5.5(a) does not apply, then without any action by the Committee or the Board, each outstanding Stock Option and Stock Appreciation Right granted under the Plan that has not been previously exercised or otherwise lapsed and terminated shall become immediately exercisable in full; provided, however, that the Committee, in its sole discretion, and without the consent of any Participant affected thereby, may determine that a cash payment shall be made promptly following the Change in Control in lieu of all or any portion of the outstanding Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights granted under this Plan. The amount payable with respect to each share of Common Stock subject to an affected Stock Option and each affected Stock Appreciation Right shall equal the excess of the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock immediately prior to such Change in Control over the exercise price of such Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right. After such a determination by the Committee, each Stock Option and Stock Appreciation Right, with respect to which a cash payment is to be made shall terminate, and the Participant shall have no further rights thereunder except the right to receive such cash payment. 

\centered **RESTRICTED STOCK AND RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS** 

^^RESTRICTION PERIOD. At the time an Award of Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units is made, the Committee shall establish the terms and conditions applicable to such Award, including the period of time (the “Restriction Period”) during which certain restrictions established by the Committee shall apply to the Award. The Restriction Period shall be not less than three years, except that for Awards based upon the attainment of performance goals, the Restriction Period shall be not less than one year. Subject to the foregoing sentence, each such Award, and designated portions of the 

same Award, may have a different Restriction Period, at the discretion of the Committee. Except as permitted or pursuant to Sections 6.4, 6.5 or 10.7 hereof, the Restriction Period applicable to a particular Award shall not be changed. 

^^RESTRICTED STOCK TERMS AND CONDITIONS. Restricted Stock shall be represented by a stock certificate registered in the name of the Participant granted such Restricted Stock. Such Participant shall have the right to enjoy all shareholder rights during the Restriction Period except that: (a) the Participant shall not be entitled to delivery of the stock certificate until the Restriction Period shall have expired; (b) the Corporation may either issue shares subject to such restrictive legends and/ or stop-transfer instructions as it deems appropriate or provide for retention of custody of the Common Stock during the Restriction Period; (c) the Participant may not sell, transfer, pledge, exchange, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of the Common Stock during the Restriction Period, except that it may be transferable by assignment by the Participant to the extent provided in the applicable Restricted Stock Award agreement; (d) a breach of the terms and conditions established by the Committee with respect to the Restricted Stock shall cause a forfeiture of the Restricted Stock, and any dividends withheld thereon, and (e) dividends payable in cash or in shares of stock or otherwise may be either currently paid or withheld by the Corporation for the Participant’s account. At the discretion of the Committee, interest may be paid on the amount of cash dividends withheld, including cash dividends on stock dividends, at a rate and subject to such terms as determined by the Committee. 

Provided, however, and the provisions of Section 6.4 to the contrary notwithstanding, in lieu of the foregoing, the Committee may provide that no shares of Common Stock be issued until the Restriction Period is over and further provide that the shares of Common Stock issued after the Restriction Period has been completed, be issued in escrow and/or be legended and that the Common Stock be subject to restrictions including the forfeiture of all or a part of the shares. 

^^PAYMENT FOR RESTRICTED STOCK. A Participant shall not be required to make any payment for Restricted Stock unless the Committee so requires. 

^^FORFEITURE PROVISIONS. Subject to Section 6.5, in the event a Participant terminates employment during a Restriction Period for the Participant’s Restricted Stock or Restricted Stock Units, such Awards will be forfeited; provided, however, that the Committee may provide for proration or full payout in the event of (a) a termination of employment because of normal or late retirement, (b) with the consent of the Committee, early retirement or spin-off, (c) death, or (d) total and permanent disability, as determined by the Committee, all subject to any other conditions the Committee may determine. 

^^CHANGE IN CONTROL. In the event of a Change in Control, restrictions on a fraction of each Participant’s outstanding Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units granted under the Plan will lapse, and any shares not previously distributed shall be distributed within ten days after the Change in Control in accordance with the provisions set forth in Section 4.10. The numerator of such fraction with respect to an Award shall be the number of months that have elapsed in the applicable Restriction Period prior to the Change in Control and the denominator shall be the number of months in such Restriction Period. 

\centered **SHARES OF STOCK SUBJECT TO THE PLAN; MAXIMUM AWARDS** 

[[Shares 1: Number]] SHARES AVAILABLE. Subject to the other provisions of this Article VII, the total number of shares available for grant as Awards pursuant to the Plan shall not exceed in the aggregate five percent ([[Percentage 4: Number]]%) of the outstanding shares of the Corporation’s Common Stock as of [[Date 2: Date]], the record date for the Corporation’s Annual Meeting, that is a maximum of [[Shares 2: Number]] shares of the Corporation’s Common Stock. Solely for the purpose of applying the limitation in the preceding sentence and subject to the replenishment and adjustment provisions of Sections [[Shares 3: Number]] and 7.3 below: (a) each Award granted under this Plan shall reduce the number of shares available for grant by one share for every one share granted, and (b) each Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right granted under this Plan shall reduce the number of shares available for grant by one share for every one share granted. 

Shares available for grant under the Plan may be authorized and unissued shares, treasury shares held by the Corporation or shares purchased or held by the Corporation or a Subsidiary for purposes of the Plan, or any combination thereof. Shares issued upon assumption or conversion of outstanding stock-based awards granted by an acquired company shall be disregarded in applying the limitation set forth in this Section 7.1. 

^^SHARES AGAIN AVAILABLE. In the event all or any portion of an Award is forfeited or cancelled, expires, is settled for cash, or otherwise does not result in the issuance of all or a portion of the shares subject to the Award in connection with the exercise or settlement of such Award, the number of shares not issued that were deducted for such Award pursuant to Section 7.1 above shall be restored and may again be used for Awards under the Plan. 

Notwithstanding anything in this Section 7.2 to the contrary and solely for purposes of determining whether shares are available for the issuance of Incentive Stock Options, the maximum aggregate number of shares that may be granted under this Plan shall be determined without regard to any shares restored pursuant to this Section 7.2 that, if taken into account, would cause the Plan to fail the requirement under Code Section 422 that the Plan designate the maximum aggregate number of shares that may be issued. 

^^RELEVANT CHANGE ADJUSTMENTS. Appropriate adjustments in the number of shares available for grant and in any outstanding Awards, including adjustments in the size of the Award and in the exercise price per share of Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights, as authorized herein shall be made by the Committee (except as provided in Section 10.7 hereof), to give effect to adjustments made in the number of shares of Common Stock through a merger, consolidation, recapitalization, reclassification, combination, spin-off, common stock dividend, stock split or other relevant change. 

^^MAXIMUM PER PARTICIPANT AWARD. During any consecutive thirty-six month period, no Participant may receive Awards that, in the aggregate, could result in that Participant receiving, earning or acquiring, subject to the adjustments described in Section 7.3: (a) Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights for, in the aggregate, more than [[Shares 4: Number]] shares of Common Stock; (b) Performance Shares, Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units for, in the aggregate, more than [[Shares 4]] shares of Common Stock; (c) a number of Dividend Equivalents greater than the number of shares of Common Stock the Participant could receive, earn or acquire in connection with the related stock-based Awards granted to the Participant; and (d) Performance Units with a value exceeding $[[USD Value 2: Number]] 

In addition, during any consecutive thirty-six month period, no Participant who is a non-employee director may receive Awards that, in the aggregate, could result in that Participant receiving, earning or acquiring, subject to the adjustments described in Section 7.3, more than [[Shares 5: Number]] shares of Common Stock. For purposes of applying the limits described in this Section 7.4, if Awards subject to the same limit are granted in tandem, so that only one of the Awards may actually be exercised, only one of the Awards shall be counted. 

\centered **ADMINISTRATION** 

^^COMMITTEE. The Plan will be administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board who are appointed from time to time by the Board and who are outside, independent Board members who, in the judgment of the Board, are qualified to administer the Plan as contemplated by (a) Rule 16b-3 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (or any successor rule), (b) Section 162(m) of the Code, as amended, and the regulations thereunder (or any successor Section and regulations), and (c) any rules and regulations of a stock exchange on which Common Stock is traded. Any member of the Committee administering the Plan who does not satisfy or ceases to satisfy the qualifications set out in the preceding sentence may recuse himself or herself from any vote or other action taken by such Committee. 

^^POWERS. The Committee shall have and exercise all of the powers and responsibilities granted expressly or by implication to it by the provisions of the Plan. Subject to and as limited by such provisions, the Committee may from time to time enact, amend and rescind such rules, regulations and procedures with respect to the administration of the Plan as it deems appropriate or convenient. 

^^INTERPRETATION. All questions arising under the Plan, any Award agreement, or any rule, regulation or procedure adopted by the Committee shall be determined by the Committee, and its determination thereof shall be conclusive and binding upon all parties. 

^^COMMITTEE PROCEDURE. Any action required or permitted to be taken by the Committee under the Plan shall require the affirmative vote of a majority of a quorum of the members of the Committee. A majority of all members of the Committee shall constitute a “quorum” for Committee business. The Committee may act by written determination instead of by affirmative vote at a meeting, provided that any written determination shall be signed by all members of the Committee, and any such written determination shall be as fully effective as a majority vote of a quorum at a meeting. 

^^DELEGATION. The Committee may delegate all or any part of its authority under the Plan to a subcommittee of directors and/or officers of the Corporation for purposes of determining and administering Awards granted to persons who are not then subject to the reporting requirements of Section 16 of the Exchange Act. 

\centered **REDUCTION IN AWARDS** 

^^WHEN APPLICABLE. Anything in this Plan to the contrary notwithstanding, the provisions of this Article IX shall apply to a Participant if an independent auditor selected by the Committee (the “Auditor”) determines that each of (a) and (b) below are applicable. 

^^Payments or distributions hereunder, determined without application of this Article IX, either alone or together with other payments in the nature of compensation to the Participant 

which are contingent on a change in the ownership or effective control of the Corporation, or in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of the Corporation, or otherwise (but after any elimination or reduction of such payments under the terms of the Corporation’s income continuance policy, if any), would result in any portion of the payments hereunder being subject to an excise tax on excess parachute payments imposed under Section 4999 of the Code. 

^^The excise tax imposed on the Participant under Section 4999 of the Code on excess parachute payments, from whatever source, would result in a lesser net aggregate present value of payments and distributions to the Participant (after subtraction of the excise tax) than if payments and distributions to the Participant were reduced to the maximum amount that could be made without incurring the excise tax. 

^^REDUCED AMOUNT. Under this Article IX the payments and distributions under this Plan shall be reduced (but not below zero) so that the present value of such payments and distributions shall equal the Reduced Amount. The “Reduced Amount” (which may be zero) shall be an amount expressed in present value which maximizes the aggregate present value of payments and distributions under this Plan which can be made without causing any such payment to be subject to the excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code. The determinations and reductions under this Section 9.2 shall be made after eliminations or reductions, if any, have been made under the Corporation’s income continuance policy, if any. 

^^PROCEDURE. If the Auditor determines that this Article IX is applicable to a Participant, the Auditor shall so advise the Committee in writing. The Committee shall then promptly give the Participant notice to that effect together with a copy of the detailed calculation supporting such determination which shall include a statement of the Reduced Amount. The Participant may then elect, in his/her sole discretion, which and how much of the Awards otherwise awarded under this Plan shall be eliminated or reduced (as long as after such election the aggregate present value of the remaining Awards under this Plan equals the Reduced Amount), and shall advise the Committee in writing of his/her election within ten days of his/her receipt of notice. If no such election is made by the Participant within such ten-day period, the Committee may elect which and how much of the Awards shall be eliminated or reduced (as long as after such election their aggregate present value equals the Reduced Amount) and shall notify the Participant promptly of such election. For purposes of this Article IX, present value shall be determined in accordance with Section 280G of the Code. All the foregoing determinations made by the Auditor under this Article IX shall be made as promptly as practicable after it is determined that excess parachute payments (as defined in Section 280G of the Code) will be made to the Participant if an elimination or reduction is not made. As promptly as practicable following the election hereunder, the Corporation shall provide to or for the benefit of the Participant such amounts and shares as are then due to the Participant under this Plan and shall promptly provide to or for the benefit of the Participant in the future such amounts and shares as become due to the Participant under this Plan. 

^^CORRECTIONS. As a result of the uncertainty in the application of Section 280G of the Code at the time of the initial determination by the Auditor hereunder, it is possible that payments or distributions under this Plan will have been made which should not have been made (“Overpayment”), or that additional payments or distributions which will have not been made could have been made (“Underpayment”), in each case, consistent with the calculation of the Reduced Amount hereunder. In the event that the Auditor, based upon the assertion of a deficiency by the Internal Revenue Service against the Corporation or the Participant which the Auditor believes has a high probability of success, determines that an Overpayment has been made, any such Overpayment shall be treated for all 

purposes as a loan to the Participant which the Participant shall repay together with interest at the applicable Federal rate provided for in Section 7872(f)(2) of the Code; provided, however, that no amount shall be payable by the Participant if and to the extent such payment would not reduce the amount which is subject to the excise tax under Section 4999 of the Code. In the event that the Auditor, based upon controlling precedent, determines that an Underpayment has occurred, any such Underpayment shall be promptly paid to or for the benefit of the Participant together with interest at the applicable Federal rate provided for in Section 7872(f)(2)(A) of the Code. 

^^NON-CASH BENEFITS. In making its determination under this Article IX, the value of any non-cash benefit shall be determined by the Auditor in accordance with the principles of Section 280G(d)(3) of the Code. 

^^DETERMINATIONS BINDING. All determinations made by the Auditor under this Article IX shall be binding upon the Corporation, the Committee and the Participant. 

\centered **GENERAL PROVISIONS** 

^^AMENDMENT OR TERMINATION OF PLAN. The Board may at any time amend, suspend, discontinue or terminate the Plan (including the making of any necessary enabling, conforming and procedural amendments to the Plan to authorize and implement the granting of Incentive Stock Options or other income tax preferred stock options which may be authorized by federal law subsequent to the effective date of this Plan); provided, however, that no amendment by the Board shall, without further approval of the shareholders of the Corporation, increase the total number of shares of Common Stock which may be made subject to the Plan, except as provided at Section 7.3 hereof, or make any other change for which shareholder approval is required by law or under the applicable rules of the NASDAQ Global Market. No action taken pursuant to this Section 10.1 of the Plan shall, without the consent of the Participant, alter or impair any Awards which have been previously granted to a Participant except pursuant to Section 10.5 of the Plan. 

^^NON-ALIENATION OF RIGHTS AND BENEFITS. Except as expressly provided herein, no right or benefit under the Plan shall be subject to anticipation, alienation, sale, assignment, pledge, encumbrance or charge and any attempt to anticipate, alienate, sell, assign, pledge, encumber or charge the same shall be void. No right or benefit hereunder shall in any manner be liable for or subject to the debts, contracts, liabilities or torts of the person entitled to such right or benefit. If any Participant or beneficiary hereunder should become bankrupt or attempt to anticipate, alienate, sell, assign, pledge, encumber or charge any right or benefit hereunder (other than as expressly provided herein), then such right or benefit shall, in the sole discretion of the Committee, cease and in such event the Corporation may hold or apply the same or any or no part thereof for the benefit of the Participant or beneficiary, his/her spouse, children or other dependents or any of them in any such manner and in such proportion as the Committee in its sole discretion may deem proper. 

^^NO RIGHTS AS SHAREHOLDER. The granting of Awards under the Plan shall not entitle a Participant or any other person succeeding to his/her rights, to any dividend, voting or other right as a shareholder of the Corporation unless and until the issuance of a stock certificate to the Participant or such other person pursuant to the provisions of the Plan and then only subsequent to the date of issuance thereof. 

^^LIMITATION OF LIABILITY OR OBLIGATION OF THE CORPORATION. As illustrative only of the limitations of liability or obligation of the Corporation and not intended to be 

exhaustive thereof, nothing in the Plan shall be construed: (a) to give any employee of the Corporation any right to be granted any Award other than at the sole discretion of the Committee; (b) to give any Participant any rights whatsoever with respect to shares of Common Stock except as specifically provided in the Plan; (c) to limit in any way the right of the Corporation or any Subsidiary to terminate, change or modify, with or without Cause, the employment of any Participant at any time; or (d) to be evidence of any agreement or understanding, express or implied, that the Corporation or any Subsidiary will employ any Participant in any particular position at any particular rate of compensation or for any particular period of time. 

Payments and other benefits received by a Participant under an Award shall not be deemed part of a Participant’s regular, recurring compensation for purposes of any termination, indemnity or severance pay laws and shall not be included in, nor have any effect on, the determination of benefits under any other employee benefit plan, contract or similar arrangement provided by the Corporation or any Subsidiary, unless expressly so provided by such other plan, contract or arrangement or the Committee determines that an Award or portion of an Award should be included to reflect competitive compensation practices or to recognize that an Award has been made in lieu of a portion of competitive cash compensation. 

^^GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS. Notwithstanding any other provisions of the Plan seemingly to the contrary, the obligation of the Corporation with respect to Awards granted under the Plan shall at all times be subject to any and all applicable laws, rules and regulations and such approvals by any government agencies as may be required or deemed by the Board or Committee as reasonably necessary or appropriate for the protection of the Corporation. In connection with any sale, issuance or transfer hereunder, the Participant acquiring the shares shall, if requested by the Corporation, give assurances satisfactory to counsel of the Corporation that the shares are being acquired for investment and not with a view to resale or distribution thereof and assurances in respect of such other matters as the Corporation may deem desirable to assure compliance with all applicable legal requirements. 

^^NON-EXCLUSIVITY OF THE PLAN. Neither the adoption of the Plan by the Board nor the submission of the Plan to shareholders of the Corporation for approval shall be construed as creating any limitations on the power or authority of the Board to adopt such other or additional incentive or other compensation arrangements of whatever nature as the Board may deem necessary or desirable or preclude or limit the continuation of any other plan, practice or arrangement for the payment of compensation or fringe benefits to employees generally, or to any class or group of employees, which the Corporation or any Subsidiary now has lawfully put into effect, including, without limitation, any retirement, pension, savings, profit sharing or stock purchase plan, insurance, death and disability benefits, and executive short term incentive plans. 

^^REORGANIZATION. In case the Corporation is merged or consolidated with another corporation, or in case the property or stock of the Corporation is acquired by another corporation, or in case of a separation, reorganization or liquidation of the Corporation (for purposes hereof any such occurrence being referred to as an “Event”), the Committee or a comparable committee of any corporation assuming the obligations of the Corporation hereunder, shall either: 

^^make appropriate provision for the protection of any outstanding stock-based Awards granted thereunder by the substitution on an equitable basis of appropriate stock, stock units, stock options or stock appreciation rights of the Corporation, or of the merged, consolidated or otherwise reorganized corporation which will be issuable in respect to the Awards. Stock to be 

issued pursuant to such substitute awards shall be limited so that the excess of the aggregate fair market value of the shares subject to such substitute awards immediately after such substitution over the purchase price thereof (if any) is not more than the excess of the aggregate fair market value of the shares subject to such substitute awards immediately before such substitution over the purchase price thereof (if any); or 

^^upon written notice to the Participant, declare that all Performance Awards granted to the Participant are deemed earned, that the Restriction Period of all Restricted Stock and Restricted Stock Units has been eliminated and that all outstanding Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights shall accelerate and become exercisable in full but that all outstanding Stock Options and Stock Appreciation Rights, whether or not exercisable prior to such acceleration, must be exercised within the period of time set forth in such notice or they will terminate. In connection with any declaration pursuant to this Section 10.7(b), the Committee may, but shall not be obligated to, cause a cash payment to be made to each Participant who holds a Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right that is terminated in an amount equal to the product obtained by multiplying (x) the amount (if any) by which the Event Proceeds Per Share (as hereinafter defined) exceeds the exercise price per share covered by such Stock Option times (y) the number of shares of Common Stock covered by such Stock Option or Stock Appreciation Right. For purposes of this Section 10.7(b), “Event Proceeds Per Share” shall mean the cash plus the fair market value, as determined in good faith by the Committee, of the non-cash consideration to be received per share by the shareholders of the Corporation upon the occurrence of the Event. 

^^WITHHOLDING TAXES, ETC. All distributions under the Plan shall be subject to any required withholding taxes and other withholdings and, in case of distributions in Common Stock, the Participant or other recipient may, as a condition precedent to the delivery of Common Stock, be required to pay to his/her participating employer the excess, if any, of the amount of required withholding over the withholdings, if any, from any distributions in cash under the Plan. All or a portion of such payment may, in the discretion of the Committee and upon the election of the Participant, be made (a) by withholding from shares that would otherwise be delivered to the Participant a number of shares sufficient to satisfy the remaining required tax withholding or (b) by tendering (either actually or by attestation) owned and unencumbered shares of Common Stock acceptable to the Committee and having a Fair Market Value on the date of tender equal to or less than the remaining required tax withholding. No distribution under the Plan shall be made in fractional shares of Common Stock, but the proportional market value thereof shall be paid in cash. 

^^GENERAL RESTRICTION. Each Award shall be subject to the requirement that, if at any time the Board shall determine, in its discretion, that the listing, registration or qualification of the shares subject to such option and/or right upon any securities exchange or under any state or federal law, or the consent or approval of any government regulatory body, is necessary or desirable as a condition of, or in connection with the granting of such Award or the issue or purchase of shares respectively thereunder, such Award may not be exercised in whole or in part unless such listing, registration, qualification, consent or approval shall have been effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Board. 

^^USE OF PROCEEDS. The proceeds derived by the Corporation from the sale of the stock pursuant to Awards granted under the Plan shall constitute general funds of the Corporation. 

^^DURATION OF PLAN. This Plan shall remain in effect until the earliest of the following events occurs: (a) distribution of all shares of Common Stock subject to the Plan, (b) termination of this Plan pursuant to Section 10.1 hereof, or (c) the tenth anniversary of the Effective Date. 

^^SEVERABILITY. In the event any provision of this Plan shall be held to be illegal or invalid for any reason, the illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts of this Plan, and this Plan shall be construed and enforced as if the illegal or invalid provision had not been included. 

^^GOVERNING LAW. To the extent that federal laws do not otherwise control, this Plan and all determinations made and actions taken pursuant to this Plan shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and construed accordingly. 

^^HEADINGS. The headings of the Articles and their subparts in this Plan are for convenience of reading only and are not meant to be of substantive significance and shall not add to or detract from the meaning of such Article or subpart to which it refers. 

^^STOCK CERTIFICATES. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan to the contrary, to the extent the Plan provides for the issuance of stock certificates to reflect the issuance of shares of Common Stock or Restricted Stock, the issuance may be effected on a non-certificated basis, to the extent not prohibited by applicable law or the applicable rules of any stock exchange on which the Common Stock is traded. 

^^FRACTIONAL SHARES. No fractional shares of Common Stock shall be issued and the Committee shall determine, in its discretion, whether cash shall be given in lieu of fractional shares or whether such fractional shares shall be eliminated by rounding up or down as appropriate. 

\centered **COMPLIANCE WITH SECTION 409A OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE** 

^^To the extent the Committee determines that any Award granted under the Plan is subject to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, the Agreement evidencing such Award will incorporate the terms and conditions required by Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code. To the extent applicable, the Plan and Agreement will be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code and Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including without limitation any such regulations or other guidelines that may be issued after the Effective Date. Notwithstanding any provisions of the Plan, in the event that following the Effective Date the Committee determines that any Award may be subject to Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code, the Committee may adopt such amendment to the Plan and/or the applicable Agreement or adopt policies and procedures or take any other action or actions, including an action or amendment with retroactive effect, that the Committee determines is necessary or appropriate to (i) exempt the Award from the application of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code or (ii) comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code. The foregoing authority of the Committee with respect to determinations relating to compliance with Section 409A, shall include without limitation, where the Committee determines it to be appropriate, providing for a 6 month delay in payments to a Specified Employee as defined in Section 409A and the regulations thereunder; implementing adjustments pursuant to Sections 5.5, 7.3 and 10.7 so as not to constitute an impermissible modification under Section 409A and the regulations thereunder; including in any Award Agreement a definition of Separation from Service in lieu of the term termination of employment, or variation thereof, as defined in Section 409A and the regulations thereunder; limiting the discretion of a Participant under Section 9.3, and limiting the use of Dividend Equivalents.