\centered **SECURITIES PURCHASE AGREEMENT** 

This Securities Purchase Agreement (this **“Agreement”**) is dated as of [[Date 1: Date]], by and among [[Company]], a [[State of Formation: State]] [[Organization: EntityType]] (collectively with its predecessors, the **“Company”**), the investors listed on the Schedule of Buyers attached hereto as Annex A and identified on the signature pages hereto (each, an **“Investor”** and collectively, the **“Investors”**). 

\centered **BACKGROUND** 

Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and pursuant to Section 4(2) of the Securities Act (as defined below) and Rule 506 promulgated thereunder, the Company desires to issue and sell to each Investor, and each Investor, severally and not jointly, desires to purchase from the Company certain securities of the Company, as more fully described in this Agreement (the “Transaction”). 

\centered **AGREEMENT** 

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the Company and the Investors agree as follows: 

^DEFINITIONS 

^^Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated in this Section 1.1: 

**“Action”** means any action, suit, inquiry, notice of violation, proceeding (including any partial proceeding such as a deposition) or investigation pending or threatened in writing against or affecting the Company, any Subsidiary or any of their respective properties before or by any court, arbitrator, governmental or administrative agency, regulatory authority (federal, state, county, local or foreign), stock market, stock exchange or trading facility. 

**“Affiliate”** means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 144. 

**“Business Day”** means any day except Saturday, Sunday and any day which is a federal legal holiday or a day on which banking institutions in the State of New York are authorized or required by law or other governmental action to close. 

**“Closing”** means the closing of the purchase and sale of the Shares pursuant to Article II. 

**“Closing Date”** means the Business Day on which all of the conditions set forth in Sections 5.1 and 5.2 hereof are satisfied, or such other date as the parties may agree. 

**“Commission”** means the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

**“Common Stock”** means the common stock of the Company, par value $[[USD Value 8: Number]] per share, and any securities into which such common stock may hereafter be reclassified. 

**“Common Stock Equivalents”** means any securities of the Company or any Subsidiary which entitle the holder thereof to acquire Common Stock at any time, including without limitation, any debt, preferred stock, rights, options, warrants or other instrument that is at any time convertible into or exchangeable for, or otherwise entitles the holder thereof to receive, Common Stock or other securities that entitle the holder to receive, directly or indirectly, Common Stock. 

**“Exchange Act”** means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

**“GAAP”** means U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

**“Intellectual Property Rights Licensing Agreements”** has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(p) .

**“Investment Amount”** means, with respect to each Investor, the Investment Amount indicated on such Investor’s signature page to this Agreement. 

“**Lead Investor”** means Envision Capital Partners, L.P. 

**“Lien”** means any lien, charge, encumbrance, security interest, right of first refusal or other restrictions of any kind. 

**“Material Adverse Effect”** means any of (i) a material and adverse effect on the legality, validity or enforceability of any Transaction Document, (ii) a material and adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, prospects, business or condition (financial or otherwise) of the Company and the Subsidiaries, taken as a whole, or (iii) an adverse impairment to the Company’s ability to perform on a timely basis its obligations under any Transaction Document. 

**“New York Courts”** means the state and federal courts sitting in the City of New York, Borough of Manhattan. 

“**Next Underwritten Public Offering**” means an underwritten public offering conducted by the Company in which it raises gross proceeds of at least $[[USD Value 7: Number]] million at a price per share of no less than $[[USD Value 9: Number]] within 12 months following the Closing and is listed concurrently or prior thereto on a U.S. national securities exchange. 

**“Outside Date”** means the thirtieth (30th) calendar day following the date of this Agreement; provided, that if such day should fall on a day that is not a Business Day, the Outside Date shall be deemed the next day that is a Business Day. 

**“Per Share Purchase Price”** equals $[[USD Value 10: Number]].

**“Person”** means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind. 

**“PRC”** means the People’s Republic of China, not including Taiwan, Hong Kong and Macau. 

**“Proceeding”** means an action, claim, suit, investigation or proceeding (including, without limitation, an investigation or partial proceeding, such as a deposition), whether commenced or threatened. 

**“Registration Rights Agreement”** means the Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, among the Company and the Investors, in the form of Exhibit A hereto. 

**“Registration Statement”** means a registration statement meeting the requirements set forth in the Registration Rights Agreement.

“**Requisite Holders**” means the holders of a majority of the Shares. 

**“Rule 144”** means Rule 144 promulgated by the Commission pursuant to the Securities Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the Commission having substantially the same effect as such Rule. 

**“Securities Act”** means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

**“Shares”** means the shares of Common Stock issued or issuable to the Investors pursuant to this Agreement. 

**“Short Sales”** include, without limitation, all “short sales” as defined in Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation SHO under the Exchange Act and all types of direct and indirect stock pledges, forward sale contracts, options, puts, calls, swaps and similar arrangements (including on a total return basis), and sales and other transactions through non-US broker dealers or foreign regulated brokers. 

**“Subsidiary”** means, as to the Company, any “subsidiary” as defined in Rule 1-02(x) of the Regulation S-X promulgated by the Commission under the Exchange Act. 

**“Trading Day”** means (i) a day on which the Common Stock is traded on a Trading Market (other than the OTC Bulletin Board), or (ii) if the Common Stock is not listed on a Trading Market (other than the OTC Bulletin Board), a day on which the Common Stock is traded in the over-the-counter market, as reported by the OTC Bulletin Board, or (iii) if the Common Stock is not quoted on any Trading Market, a day on which the Common Stock is quoted in the over-the-counter market as reported by the Pink Sheets LLC (or any similar organization or agency succeeding to its functions of reporting prices); provided, that in the event that the Common Stock is not listed or quoted as set forth in (i), (ii) and (iii) hereof, then Trading Day shall mean a Business Day. 

**“Trading Market”** means whichever of the New York Stock Exchange, the American Stock Exchange, the NASDAQ Global Select Market, the NASDAQ Global Market, the NASDAQ Capital Market or OTC Bulletin Board on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted for trading on the date in question. 

**“Transaction Documents”** means this Agreement, the Registration Rights Agreement, and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder. 

^PURCHASE AND SALE 

^^Closing. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, at the Closing the Company shall issue and sell to each Investor, and each Investor shall, severally and not jointly, purchase from the Company, the Shares representing such Investor’s Investment Amount, calculated as the quotient of such Investor’s Investment Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price. The Closing shall take place at the offices of Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP, [[Address 1: Address]], on the Closing Date or at such other location or time as the parties may agree. 

^^Closing Deliveries. (a) At the Closing, the Company shall deliver or cause to be delivered to each Investor the following (the **“Company Deliverables”**): a certificate evidencing a number of Shares equal to such Investor’s Investment Amount divided by the Per Share Purchase Price, registered in the name of such Investor; and 

^^[[A Signatory Email: Identity | Signature]]
__________________________________________
{{A Entity => By: [[A Signatory First Name]] [[A Signatory Last Name]]
Title: [[A Signatory Title]]}}

^^Within three (3) Business Days following the Closing Date, each Investor shall cause to be delivered to the Company, its Investment Amount, in United States dollars or the equivalent in Chinese RMB calculated at the exchange rate on the Closing Date, and in immediately available funds, by wire transfer to an account designated in writing by the Company for such purpose. The wire instructions for the Company’s account are attached hereto as Annex B.

^REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

^^Representations and Warranties of the Company. The Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties to each Investor: 

^^Subsidiaries. The Company has no direct or indirect Subsidiaries other than as specified in the SEC Reports. Except as specified in Schedule 3.1 (a),the Company owns, directly or indirectly, all of the capital stock of each Subsidiary free and clear of any and all Liens, and all the issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of each Subsidiary are validly issued and are fully paid, non-assessable and free of preemptive and similar rights. 

^^Organization and Qualification. The Company and each Subsidiary are duly incorporated or otherwise organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization (as applicable), with the requisite power and authority to own and use its properties and assets and to carry on its business as currently conducted. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in violation of any of the provisions of its respective certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents. The Company and each Subsidiary are duly qualified to conduct its respective businesses and are in good standing as a foreign corporation or other entity in each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted or property owned by it makes such qualification necessary, except where the failure to be so qualified or in good standing, as the case may be, could not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

^^Authorization; Enforcement. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by each of the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations thereunder. The execution and delivery of each of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further action is required by the Company or any Subsidiary in connection therewith. Each Transaction Document has been (or upon delivery will have been) duly executed by the Company and, when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors’ rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application. 

^^No Conflicts. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated thereby do not and will not (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Company’s or any Subsidiary’s certificate or articles of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents, or (ii) conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company or Subsidiary debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company or any Subsidiary is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company or any Subsidiary is bound or affected, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company or a Subsidiary is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company or a Subsidiary is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

^^Filings, Consents and Approvals. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any United States or PRC court or other federal, state, local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than (i) the filing with the Commission of one or more Registration Statements in accordance with the requirements of the Registration Rights Agreement, (ii) filings required by state securities laws, (iii) the filing of a Notice of Sale of Securities on Form D with the Commission under Regulation D of the Securities Act, (iv) the filings required in accordance with Section 4.5 hereof and (v) those that have been made or obtained prior to the date of this Agreement. 

^^Issuance of the Shares. The Shares have been duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock the shares of Common Stock issuable pursuant to this Agreement in order to issue the Shares. 

^^Capitalization. The number of shares and type of all authorized, issued and outstanding capital stock of the Company, and all shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance under the Company’s various option and incentive plans, is specified in Schedule 3.1(g). Except as specified in Schedule 3.1(g), no securities of the Company are entitled to preemptive or similar rights, and no Person has any right of first refusal, preemptive right, right of participation, or any similar right to participate in the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Except as specified in Schedule 3.1(g), there are no outstanding options, warrants, scrip rights to subscribe to, calls or commitments of any character whatsoever relating to, or securities, rights or obligations convertible into or exchangeable for, or giving any Person any right to subscribe for or acquire, any shares of Common Stock, or contracts, commitments, understandings or arrangements by which the Company or any Subsidiary is or may become bound to issue additional shares of Common Stock, or securities or rights convertible or exchangeable into shares of Common Stock. The issue and sale of the Shares will not, immediately or with the passage of time, obligate the Company to issue shares of Common Stock or other securities to any Person (other than the Investors) and will not result in a right of any holder of Company securities to adjust the exercise, conversion, exchange or reset price under such securities.

^^SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports required to be filed by it under the Securities Act and the Exchange Act, including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the twelve months preceding the date hereof (or such shorter period as the Company was required by law to file such reports) (the foregoing materials being collectively referred to herein as the **“SEC Reports”** and, together with the Schedules to this Agreement (if any), the **“Disclosure Materials”**) on a timely basis or has timely filed a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and the rules and regulations of the Commission promulgated thereunder, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the Commission with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with GAAP applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved, except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments. 

^^Press Releases. The press releases disseminated by the Company during the twelve months preceding the date of this Agreement taken as a whole do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made and when made, not misleading. 

^^Material Changes. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, except as specifically disclosed in the SEC Reports, (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that has had or that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has incurred any liabilities (direct, indirect, contingent, or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables, accrued expenses and other liabilities incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Company’s financial statements pursuant to GAAP or required to be disclosed in filings made with the Commission, (iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting or the identity of its auditors, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock, and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any Company or Subsidiary officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option plans. The Company does not have pending before the Commission any request for confidential treatment of information. 

^^Litigation. There is no Action which (i) adversely affects or challenges the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or the Shares or (ii) except as specifically disclosed in the SEC Reports, could, if there were an unfavorable decision, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor any director or officer thereof (in his or her capacity as such), is or has been the subject of any Action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty, except as specifically disclosed in the SEC Reports. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending any investigation by the Commission involving the Company or any current or former director or officer of the Company (in his or her capacity as such). The Commission has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company or any Subsidiary under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act. 

^^Labor Relations. No material labor dispute exists or, to the knowledge of the Company, is imminent with respect to any of the employees of the Company or any Subsidiary. 

^^Compliance. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary (i) is in default under or in violation of (and no event has occurred that has not been waived that, with notice or lapse of time or both, would result in a default by the Company or any Subsidiary under), nor has the Company or any Subsidiary received notice of a claim that it is in default under or that it is in violation of, any indenture, loan or credit agreement or any other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it or any of its properties is bound (whether or not such default or violation has been waived), (ii) is in violation of any order of any court, arbitrator or governmental body, or (iii) is or has been in violation of any statute, rule or regulation of any governmental authority, including without limitation all foreign, federal, state and local laws relating to taxes, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, product quality and safety and employment and labor matters, except in each case as could not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The Company is in compliance with all effective requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder, that are applicable to it, except where such noncompliance could not have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

^^Regulatory Permits. The Company and the Subsidiaries possess all certificates, authorizations and permits issued by the appropriate United States and PRC federal, state, local or foreign regulatory authorities necessary to conduct their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports, except where the failure to possess such permits could not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and neither the Company nor any Subsidiary has received any notice of proceedings relating to the revocation or modification of any such permits. 

^^Title to Assets. Except as specified in Schedule 3.1(o), the Company and the Subsidiaries have valid land use rights or valid and binding leases for all real property that is material to their respective businesses and good and marketable title in or valid and binding leases for all personal property owned or leased by them, as applicable, that is material to their respective businesses, in each case free and clear of all Liens, except for Liens as do not materially affect the value of such property and do not materially interfere with the use made and proposed to be made of such property by the Company and the Subsidiaries. Any real property and facilities held under lease by the Company and the Subsidiaries are held by them under valid, subsisting and enforceable leases of which the Company and the Subsidiaries are in compliance, except as could not, individually or in the aggregate, have or reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. 

^^Patents and Trademarks. Schedule 3.1(p) sets forth all of the patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, copyrights, licenses and other similar rights that the Company and its Subsidiaries owns or has the rights to use (collectively, the **“Intellectual Property Rights”**). The Intellectual Property Rights constitute all of the patents, patent applications, trademarks, trademark applications, service marks, trade names, copyrights, licenses and other similar rights that are necessary for use by the Company and its Subsidiaries in connection with their respective businesses as described in the SEC Reports. Neither the Company nor any of its Subsidiaries has received a written or oral notice that the Intellectual Property Rights used by any of them violates or infringes upon the rights of any Person. Except as set forth in Schedule 3.1(p), all such Intellectual Property Rights are enforceable and there is no existing infringement by another Person of any of the Intellectual Property Rights. To the knowledge of the Company and its Subsidiaries, no former or current employee, no former or current consultant, and no third-party joint developer of the Company or its Subsidiaries has any Intellectual Property Rights made, developed, conceived, created or written by the aforesaid employee, consultant or third-party joint developer during the period of his or her retention by, or joint venture with, such Company or Subsidiary which can be asserted against any of the Company or any such Subsidiary. The Intellectual Property Rights and the owner thereof or agreement through which they are licensed to any of the Company or its Subsidiaries are set forth on Schedule 3.1(p). By the Closing, the Company shall have entered into agreements by which it is granted irrevocable, exclusive, royalty-free licenses on all Intellectual Property Rights that are registered to or owned by any Person other than the Company or its predecessor. Such agreements together with the agreements referenced in Schedule 3.1(p) are collectively the **“Intellectual Property Rights Licensing Agreements**.The Company and its Subsidiaries will take such action as may be required, including making and maintaining the filings set forth in Schedule 3.1(p) and shall cause any such transfers of Intellectual Property Rights to the Company to be granted as is required in order for the Company to become the registered owner (in its current name) of all such Intellectual Property Rights (including, without limitation, the entering into of any Intellectual Property Rights Licensing Agreements as may be necessary and the filing and maintaining of any information with the relevant PRC authority which relate to the change of name for those Intellectual Property Rights currently in the name of an entity other than the Company). 

^^Insurance. The Company does not carry any business interruption insurance or third-party liability insurance or other insurance to cover risks associated with its business, so if the company suffers losses, damages or liabilities and are unable to make a claim again a third party, the Company will be required to bear all such losses from its own funds.

^^Transactions With Affiliates and Employees. Except as set forth in the SEC Reports, none of the officers or directors of the Company and, to the knowledge of the Company, none of the employees of the Company is presently a party to any transaction with the Company or any Subsidiary (other than for services as employees, officers and directors), including any contract, agreement or other arrangement providing for the furnishing of services to or by, providing for rental of real or personal property to or from, or otherwise requiring payments to or from any officer, director or such employee or, to the knowledge of the Company, any entity in which any officer, director, or any such employee has a substantial interest or is an officer, director, trustee or partner. 

^^Solvency. Based on the financial condition of the Company as of the Closing Date (and assuming that the Closing shall have occurred), (i) the Company’s fair saleable value of its assets exceeds the amount that will be required to be paid on or in respect of the Company’s existing debts and other liabilities (including known contingent liabilities) as they mature, (ii) the Company’s assets do not constitute unreasonably small capital to carry on its business for the current fiscal year as now conducted and as proposed to be conducted including its capital needs taking into account the particular capital requirements of the business conducted by the Company, and projected capital requirements and capital availability thereof, and (iii) the current cash flow of the Company, together with the proceeds the Company would receive, were it to liquidate all of its assets, after taking into account all anticipated uses of the cash, would be sufficient to pay all amounts on or in respect of its debt when such amounts are required to be paid. The Company does not intend to incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature (taking into account the timing and amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its debt). 

^^Certain Fees. No brokerage or finder’s fees or commissions are or will be payable by the Company to any broker, financial advisor or consultant, finder, placement agent, investment banker, bank or other Person with respect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. The Investors shall have no obligation with respect to any fees or with respect to any claims (other than such fees or commissions owed by an Investor pursuant to written agreements executed by such Investor which fees or commissions shall be the sole responsibility of such Investor) made by or on behalf of other Persons for fees of a type contemplated in this Section that may be due in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

^^Listing and Maintenance Requirements. Except as specified in the SEC Reports, the Company has not, in the two years preceding the date hereof, received notice from any Trading Market to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements thereof. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future continue to be, in compliance with the listing and maintenance requirements for continued listing of the Common Stock on the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is currently listed or quoted. The issuance and sale of the Shares under the Transaction Documents does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is currently listed or quoted, and no approval of the shareholders of the Company thereunder is required for the Company to issue and deliver to the Investors the Shares contemplated by Transaction Documents. 

^^Investment Company. The Company is not, and is not an Affiliate of, and immediately following the Closing will not have become, an “investment company” within the meaning of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 

^^Application of Takeover Protections. The Company has taken all necessary action, if any, in order to render inapplicable any control share acquisition, business combination, poison pill (including any distribution under a rights agreement) or other similar anti-takeover provision under the Company’s Articles of Incorporation (or similar charter documents) or the laws of its state of incorporation that is or could become applicable to the Investors as a result of the Investors and the Company fulfilling their obligations or exercising their rights under the Transaction Documents, including without limitation the Company’s issuance of the Shares and the Investors’ ownership of the Shares. 

^^No Additional Agreements. The Company does not have any agreement or understanding with any Investor with respect to the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents other than as specified in the Transaction Documents. 

^^Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary, nor to the knowledge of the Company, any agent or other person acting on behalf of any of the Company or any Subsidiary, has, directly or indirectly, (i) used any funds, or will use any proceeds from the sale of the Shares, for unlawful contributions, gifts, entertainment or other unlawful expenses related to foreign or domestic political activity, (ii) made any unlawful payment to foreign or domestic government officials or employees or to any foreign or domestic political parties or campaigns from corporate funds, (iii) failed to disclose fully any contribution made by the Company or any Subsidiary (or made by any Person acting on their behalf of which the Company is aware) which is in violation of law, or (iv) has violated in any material respect any provision of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977, as amended, and the rules and regulations thereunder. 

^^PFIC. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is or intends to become a “passive foreign investment company” within the meaning of Section 1297 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

(aa) 

OFAC. Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary nor, to the knowledge of the Company, any director, officer, agent, employee, Affiliate or Person acting on behalf of the Company or any Subsidiary is currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Treasury Department (**“OFAC”**); and the Company will not directly or indirectly use the proceeds of the sale of the Shares, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any Subsidiary, joint venture partner or other Person or entity, towards any sales or operations in Cuba, Iran, Syria, Sudan, Myanmar or any other country sanctioned by OFAC or for the purpose of financing the activities of any Person currently subject to any U.S. sanctions administered by OFAC. 

(bb) 

Money Laundering Laws. The operations of each of the Company and any Subsidiary are and have been conducted at all times in compliance with the money laundering statutes of applicable jurisdictions, the rules and regulations thereunder and any related or similar rules, regulations or guidelines, issued, administered or enforced by any applicable governmental agency (collectively, the **“Money Laundering Laws”**) and no action, suit or proceeding by or before any court or governmental agency, authority or body or any arbitrator involving the Company and/or any Subsidiary with respect to the Money Laundering Laws is pending or, to the best knowledge of the Company, threatened. 

(cc) 

Additional PRC Representations and Warranties.

^^^All material consents, approvals, authorizations or licenses requisite under PRC law for the due and proper establishment and operation of the Company and the Subsidiaries have been duly obtained from the relevant PRC governmental authorities and are in full force and effect. 

^^^All filings and registrations with the PRC governmental authorities required in respect of the Company and the Subsidiaries and their operations including, without limitation, the registration with the Ministry of Commerce, the State Administration of Industry and Commerce, the State Administration for Foreign Exchange, tax bureau and customs authorities have been duly completed in accordance with the relevant PRC rules and regulations, except where, the failure to complete such filings and registrations does not, and would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. 

^^^The Company and the Subsidiaries have complied with all relevant PRC laws and regulations regarding the contribution and payment of its registered share capital, the payment schedule of which has been approved by the relevant PRC governmental authorities. There are no outstanding rights of, or commitments made by the Company or any Subsidiary to sell any of their respective equity interests. 

^^^Neither the Company nor any Subsidiary is in receipt of any letter or notice from any relevant PRC governmental authority notifying it of the revocation, or otherwise questioning the validity, of any licenses or qualifications issued to it or any subsidy granted to it by any PRC governmental authority for non-compliance with the terms thereof or with applicable PRC laws, or the need for compliance or remedial actions in respect of the activities carried out by the Company or such Subsidiary, except such revocation as does not, and would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. 

^^^The Company and the Subsidiaries have conducted their respective business activities within their permitted scope of business or have otherwise operated their respective businesses in compliance with all relevant legal requirements and with all requisite licenses and approvals granted by competent PRC governmental authorities other than such non-compliance that do not, and would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. As to licenses, approvals and government grants and concessions requisite or material for the conduct of any part of the Company or any Subsidiaries’ business which is subject to periodic renewal, neither the Company nor such Subsidiary has any knowledge of any grounds on which such requisite renewals will not be granted by the relevant PRC governmental authorities. 

^^^With regard to employment and staff or labor, the Company and the Subsidiaries have complied with all applicable PRC laws and regulations in all material respects, including without limitation, laws and regulations pertaining to welfare funds, social benefits, medical benefits, insurance, retirement benefits, pensions or the like, other than such non-compliance that do not, and would not, individually or in the aggregate, have a Material Adverse Effect. 

(dd) 

Disclosure. The Company confirms that neither it nor any Person acting on its behalf has provided any Investor or its respective agents or counsel with any information that the Company believes constitutes material, non-public information concerning the Company, the Subsidiaries or their respective businesses, except insofar as the existence and terms of the proposed transactions contemplated hereunder may constitute such information. The Company understands and confirms that the Investors will rely on the foregoing representations and covenants in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All disclosure provided to the Investors regarding the Company, the Subsidiaries or their respective businesses and the transactions contemplated hereby, furnished by or on behalf of the Company (including the Company’s representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement and any business plan or investor presentation provided by the Company or any Person acting on the Company's behalf) are true and correct and do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

^^Representations and Warranties of the Investors. Each Investor hereby, for itself and for no other Investor, represents and warrants to the Company as follows: 

^^Organization; Authority. Such Investor is an entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization with the requisite corporate or partnership power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by the applicable Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations thereunder. The execution, delivery and performance by such Investor of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate or, if such Investor is not a corporation, such partnership, limited liability company or other applicable like action, on the part of such Investor. Each of this Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement has been duly executed by such Investor, and when delivered by such Investor in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute the valid and legally binding obligation of such Investor, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium, liquidation or similar laws relating to, or affecting generally the enforcement of, creditors’ rights and remedies or by other equitable principles of general application. 

^^Investment Intent. Such Investor is acquiring the Shares as principal for its own account for investment purposes only and not with a view to or for distributing or reselling such Shares or any part thereof, without prejudice, however, to such Investor’s right at all times to sell or otherwise dispose of all or any part of such Shares in compliance with applicable federal and state securities laws. Subject to the immediately preceding sentence, nothing contained herein shall be deemed a representation or warranty by such Investor to hold the Shares for any period of time. Such Investor is acquiring the Shares hereunder in the ordinary course of its business. Such Investor does not have any agreement or understanding, directly or indirectly, with any Person to distribute any of the Shares. 

^^Investor Status. At the time such Investor was offered the Shares, it was, and at the date hereof it is, an “accredited investor” as defined in Rule 501(a) under the Securities Act. Such Investor is not a registered broker-dealer under Section 15 of the Exchange Act. 

^^General Solicitation. Such Investor is not purchasing the Shares as a result of any advertisement, article, notice or other communication regarding the Shares published in any newspaper, magazine or similar media or broadcast over television or radio or presented at any seminar or any other general solicitation or general advertisement. 

^^Access to Information. Such Investor acknowledges that it has reviewed the Disclosure Materials and has been afforded (i) the opportunity to ask such questions as it has deemed necessary of, and to receive answers from, representatives of the Company concerning the terms and conditions of the offering of the Shares and the merits and risks of investing in the Shares; (ii) access to information about the Company and the Subsidiaries and their respective financial condition, results of operations, business, properties, management and prospects sufficient to enable it to evaluate its investment; and (iii) the opportunity to obtain such additional information that the Company possesses or can acquire without unreasonable effort or expense that is necessary to make an informed investment decision with respect to the investment. Neither such inquiries nor any other investigation conducted by or on behalf of such Investor or its representatives or counsel shall modify, amend or affect such Investor’s right to rely on the truth, accuracy and completeness of the Disclosure Materials and the Company’s representations and warranties contained in the Transaction Documents. 

^^Certain Trading Activities. Such Investor has not directly or indirectly, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with such Investor, engaged in any transactions in the securities of the Company (including, without limitations, any Short Sales involving the Company’s securities) since the earlier to occur of (1) the time that such Investor was first contacted by the Company regarding an investment in the Company and (2) the 30th day prior to the date of this Agreement. Such Investor covenants that neither it nor any Person acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will engage in any transactions in the securities of the Company (including Short Sales) prior to the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed. 

^^Independent Investment Decision. Such Investor has independently evaluated the merits of its decision to purchase Shares pursuant to the Transaction Documents, and such Investor confirms that it has not relied on the advice of any other Investor’s business and/or legal counsel in making such decision. Such Investor confirms that none of such Persons has made any representations or warranties to such Investor in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. 

The Company acknowledges and agrees that no Investor has made or makes any representations or warranties with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby other than those specifically set forth in this Section 3.2. 

^OTHER AGREEMENTS OF THE PARTIES 

^^^^Shares may only be disposed of in compliance with state and federal securities laws. In connection with any transfer of the Shares other than pursuant to an effective registration statement, to the Company, to an Affiliate of an Investor or in connection with a pledge as contemplated in Section 4.1(b), the Company may require the transferor thereof to provide to the Company an opinion of counsel selected by the transferor, the form and substance of which opinion shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Company, to the effect that such transfer does not require registration of such transferred Shares under the Securities Act. 

^^Certificates evidencing Shares (as defined in Section 4.1(c)) will contain a legend that is substantially similar to the following legend, until such time as they are not required under Section 4.1(c): 

THESE SECURITIES HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED WITH THE SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION OR THE SECURITIES COMMISSION OF ANY STATE IN RELIANCE UPON AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “SECURITIES ACT”), AND, ACCORDINGLY, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR PURSUANT TO AN AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS OF THE SECURITIES ACT AND IN ACCORDANCE WITH APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS AS EVIDENCED BY A LEGAL OPINION OF COUNSEL TO THE TRANSFEROR TO SUCH EFFECT, THE SUBSTANCE OF WHICH SHALL BE REASONABLY ACCEPTABLE TO THE COMPANY. THESE SECURITIES MAY BE PLEDGED IN CONNECTION WITH A BONA FIDE MARGIN ACCOUNT SECURED BY SUCH SECURITIES. 

The Company acknowledges and agrees that an Investor may from time to time pledge, and/or grant a security interest in some or all of the Shares pursuant to a bona fide margin agreement in connection with a bona fide margin account and, if required under the terms of such agreement or account, such Investor may transfer pledged or secured Shares to the pledgees or secured parties. Such a pledge or transfer would not be subject to approval or consent of the Company and no legal opinion of legal counsel to the pledgee, secured party or pledgor shall be required in connection with the pledge, but such legal opinion may be required in connection with a subsequent transfer following default by the Investor transferee of the pledge. No notice shall be required of such pledge. At the appropriate Investor’s expense, the Company will execute and deliver such reasonable documentation as a pledgee or secured party of Shares may reasonably request in connection with a pledge or transfer thereof including the preparation and filing of any required prospectus supplement under Rule 424(b)(3) of the Securities Act or other applicable provision of the Securities Act to appropriately amend the list of selling stockholders thereunder. Except as otherwise provided in Section 4.1(c), any Shares subject to a pledge or security interest as contemplated by this Section 4.1(b) shall continue to bear the legend set forth in this Section 4.1(b) and be subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 4.1(a) . 

^^Certificates evidencing Shares shall not contain any legend (including the legend set forth in Section 4.1(b)): (i) while a registration statement covering such Shares is then effective, or (ii) following a sale or transfer of such Shares pursuant to Rule 144 (assuming the transferee is not an Affiliate of the Company), or (iii) while such Shares are eligible for sale by the selling Investor without volume restrictions under Rule 144. The Company agrees that following the Effective Date or such other time as legends are no longer required to be set forth on certificates representing Shares under this Section 4.1(c), it will, no longer than three Trading Days following the delivery by an Investor to the Company or the Transfer Agent of a certificate representing such Shares containing a restrictive legend, deliver or cause to be delivered to such investor Shares which are free of all restrictive and other legends. If the Company is then eligible, certificates for Shares subject to legend removal hereunder shall be transmitted by the Transfer to an Investor by crediting the prime brokerage account of such Investor with the Depository Trust Company System as directed by such Investor.

^^Furnishing of Information. As long as any Investor owns any Shares, the Company covenants to timely file (or obtain extensions in respect thereof and file within the applicable grace period) all reports required to be filed by the Company after the date hereof pursuant to the Exchange Act. As long as any Investor owns Shares, if the Company is not required to file reports pursuant to such laws, it will prepare and furnish to the Investors and make publicly available in accordance with Rule 144(c) such information as is required for the Investors to sell the Shares under Rule 144. The Company further covenants that it will take such further action as any holder of Shares may reasonably request, all to the extent required from time to time to enable such Person to sell the Shares without registration under the Securities Act within the limitation of the exemptions provided by Rule 144. 

^^Furnishing of Financial Information. The Company agrees that before its next underwritten public offering of securities (the “Next Underwritten Public Offering”), it will provide the Lead Investor in this offering, with the following information: (a) its monthly financial statements and related materials on or before 15th of the following month, (b) its quarterly financial information on or before 20 days after the end of the quarter, and (c) its audited financial statements and related materials of a fiscal year on or before the 90th day after the end of the fiscal year. Envision agrees to keep all of the nonpublic information that it receives pursuant to this Section 4.3 as strictly confidential until such information becomes publicly available through a source other than Envision or other than through a breach of this Section 4.3 by Envision.. 

^^Integration. The Company shall not, and shall use its best efforts to ensure that no Affiliate of the Company shall, sell, offer for sale or solicit offers to buy or otherwise negotiate in respect of any security (as defined in Section 2 of the Securities Act) that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Shares in a manner that would require the registration under the Securities Act of the sale of the Shares to the Investors, or that would be integrated with the offer or sale of the Shares for purposes of the rules and regulations of any Trading Market in a manner that would require stockholder approval of the sale of the securities to the Investors. 

^^Securities Laws Disclosure; Publicity. By 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day following the execution of this Agreement, and by 9:00 a.m. (New York City time) on the Trading Day following the Closing Date, the Company shall issue press releases disclosing the transactions contemplated hereby and the Closing. On or before the fourth Trading Day following the execution of this Agreement the Company will file a Current Report on Form 8-K disclosing the material terms of the Transaction Documents (and attach as exhibits thereto the Transaction Documents), and on or before the fourth Trading Day following the Closing Date the Company will file an additional Current Report on Form 8-K to disclose the Closing. In addition, the Company will make such other filings and notices in the manner and time required by the Commission and the Trading Market on which the Common Stock is listed.

^^Indemnification of Investors. The Company will indemnify and hold the Investors and their directors, officers, shareholders, partners, employees and agents (each, an **“Investor Party”**) harmless from any and all losses, liabilities, obligations, claims, contingencies, damages, costs and expenses, including all judgments, amounts paid in settlements, court costs and reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of investigation (collectively, **“Losses”**) that any such Investor Party may suffer or incur as a result of or relating to any misrepresentation, breach or inaccuracy of any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by the Company in any Transaction Document. In addition to the indemnity contained herein, the Company will reimburse each Investor Party for its reasonable legal and other expenses (including the cost of any investigation, preparation and travel in connection therewith) incurred in connection therewith, as such expenses are incurred.

^^Non-Public Information. The Company covenants and agrees that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf will provide any Investor or its agents or counsel with any information that constitutes material non-public information, unless prior thereto such Investor shall have executed a written agreement regarding the confidentiality and use of such information. The Company understands and confirms that each Investor shall be relying on the foregoing representations in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. 

^^Listing of Shares. The Company agrees, (i) if the Company applies to have the Common Stock traded on any other Trading Market, it will include in such application the Shares, and will take such other action as is necessary or desirable to cause the Shares to be listed on such other Trading Market as promptly as possible, and (ii) it will take all action reasonably necessary to continue the listing and trading of its Common Stock on a Trading Market and will comply in all material respects with the Company’s reporting, filing and other obligations under the bylaws or rules of the Trading Market. 

^^Use of Proceeds. The Company will use the net proceeds from the sale of the Shares hereunder for working capital purposes and not for the satisfaction of any portion of the Company’s debt (other than payment of trade payables and accrued expenses in the ordinary course of the Company’s business and consistent with prior practices), or to redeem any Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents. 

^^Protective Provisions. So long as the Lead Investor continues to hold at least 1/3 of the Shares issued to it at the Closing (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares), the Company shall not, without first obtaining the written consent of the Lead Investor: 

^^Acquire through stock or asset purchase, or through any business combination, including a merger, share exchange or other transaction, a Person that has net assets that are equal to or greater than thirty percent ([[Percentage 1: Number]]%) of the Company’s net assets;

^^Sell or otherwise dispose of assets of the Company, including through the sale of stock of a Subsidiary or through a business combination, including a merger, share exchange or other transaction, that are equal to or greater than thirty percent ([[Percentage 1]]%) of the Company’s net assets, and 

^^Issue any shares of preferred stock or issue any promissory notes or bonds that are convertible into Common Stock. 

^^Board Designee. For so long as the Lead Investor continues to hold at least 1/3 of the Shares issued at the Closing (as adjusted for any stock dividends, combinations or splits with respect to such shares), the Lead Investor shall be entitled to nominate one member of the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Designee”). The Designee shall: (i) have experience serving on the board of directors of a public company or have comparable experience, (ii) be qualified to serve on the audit committee of the Company’s Board of Directors, (iii) be able, consistent with his or her other business activities, to dedicate reasonably sufficient time to the fulfillment of his or her duties to the Company and (iv) shall be an “independent” director as defined under Nasdaq Marketplace Rules. The Lead Investor will have the right to remove the Designee and to fill any vacancy resulting from a Designee ceasing to be a member of the Company’s Board of Directors for any reason. The Company shall enter into a customary indemnification agreement with the Designee and shall reimburse the designee for all reasonable costs incurred by the Designee in connection with his or her activities as a member of the board of directors of the Company. For so long as the Lead Investor is entitled to appoint a Designee, the board of directors shall meet at least once per quarter.

^^Acquisition of Real Estate. On or before the 180th day following the Next Underwritten Public Offering, the Lead Investor may deliver a written request to the Company requesting the Company to acquire the land use rights and property rights at No. 2 Beitang Rd, Xiaoshan Economic and Technology Development Zone (the “Real Estate”) from Hangzhou Xin Shengda Investment Co., Ltd. (“Xin Shengda”), an entity controlled by Mr. Nengbin Fang, the Company’s Chairman. Upon receipt of such written request, in exchange for such land use and property rights, the Company shall issue to Xin Shengda within six months following the Next Underwritten Public Offering, the lesser of (a) [[Shares 1: Number]] shares of the Company’s Common Stock, and (b) an number of shares that are equal to the value of the Real Estate evaluated by a third party appraiser approved by the Leader Investor and the Company within two months of the transfer divided by the per share price of the Next Underwritten Public Offering. The Company shall not be obligated to acquire the Real Estate if the Lead Investor does not make the written request contemplated by this Section 4.12 on or before the 180th day following the Next Underwritten Public Offering.

^^Chief Financial Officer. If the Company fails to consummate the Next Underwritten Public Offering within the twelve month period following the Closing, then the Lead Investor shall have the right to notify the Company in writing to terminate the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. The Company shall agree to terminate the Chief Financial Officer. Upon receipt of such written notice, the Company covenants and agrees that no later than 90 days following receipt of such notice, the Company will hire a new chief financial officer. The Lead Investor shall have the right to veto the appointment of the Company’s CFO.

^^Co-Sale Rights. When the Company conducts any equity-related finance above $[[USD Value 1: Number]] the investors shall have the right to sell [[Percentage 2: Number]]% of their shares in such finances. When Mr. Nengbin Fang sells his shares, the Investors shall have the right to sell the same amount of shares. 

^^Negative Claw Back.

^^If in connection with any financing transactions in which the Company sells Common Stock or Common Stock Equivalents, including, without limitation the Next Underwritten Public Offering (an “Equity Financing”), the gross sales price per share of common stock (or Common Stock Equivalent) sold in the Equity Financing (the “Financing Price Per Share”) is less than $[[USD Value 9]] (as appropriately adjusted for any stock split, stock combination, recapitalization or similar transaction) (the “Trigger Price”), then the Company shall be obligated to issue to the Investors on a pro rata basis, for no additional consideration, that number of shares of Common Stock as is equal to

$[[USD Value 2: Number]]/(Financing Price Per Share/2)  ([[Shares 2: Number]] + any shares already issued to the Investors prior to the current Equity Financing pursuant to this Section 4.15)

The parties hereto agree that the hypothetical example set forth in Section 4.15(d) is a valid example of the operation of the negative claw back provided for in this Section 4.15. If the Financing Price Per Share equals or exceeds the Trigger Price, then the Investors shall not be entitled to any additional shares of Common Stock under this Section 4.15. 

^^If the Financing Price Per Share is less than the Trigger Price, then on or before the second Business Day following the Equity Financing, the Company shall give to the Investors a notice (the “Financing Notice”), setting forth the Financing Price Per Share, a statement as to the adjustment to be made pursuant to this Section 4.15 and the number of shares of Common Stock to be delivered to the Investors. The Company shall deliver to the Investors a certificate evidencing the appropriate number of shares of Common Stock deliverable to the Investors as a result of this Section 4.15 within 5 Business Days following the Equity Financing.

^^The rights of the Investors under this Section 4.15 shall automatically terminate upon the occurrence of the Closing of our next underwritten public offering with gross proceeds greater than $[[USD Value 7]] million.

^^On the date hereof, the Investors are being issued 1,456,311 Shares in the aggregate, pursuant to this Agreement at a price per Share equal to $[[USD Value 10]]. Assume that the Company completes an Equity Financing three months from today at a price of $[[USD Value 11: Number]]. Assume that no adjustment to the Trigger Price was required as a result of a stock split, stock combination, recapitalization or similar transaction. Based upon the foregoing assumptions, the Financing Price Per Share would be $[[USD Value 11]] and the number of additional shares the Investors, in the aggregate, would be entitled to under this Section 4.15 is calculated as follows: 

Applicable Formula 

$[[USD Value 2]]/(Financing Price Per Share/2)  1,456,311 

Calculation Based Upon Hypothetical Example 

$[[USD Value 2]]/($[[USD Value 11]]/2)  1,456,311 = [[Shares 3: Number]] 

Therefore, based upon the foregoing hypothetical example, the Company would issue an additional 210,355.67 shares to the Investors in the aggregate. The shares would be issued to the investors on a pro rata basis based on their respective Investment Amounts. 

In the event that the Company fails to issue such shares as stated above, the founder of the Company, Mr. Nengbin Fang shall transfer the equivalent shares owned by him to the Investors on a pro rata based on their respective Investment Amounts. 

^CONDITIONS PRECEDENT TO CLOSING 

^^Conditions Precedent to the Obligations of the Investors to Purchase Shares. The obligation of each Investor to acquire Shares at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction or waiver by such Investor, at or before the Closing, of each of the following conditions: 

^^Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of the Company contained herein shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing as though made on and as of such date; 

^^Performance. The Company shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by the Transaction Documents to be performed, satisfied or complied with by it at or prior to the Closing; 

^^No Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents; 

^^Adverse Changes. Since the date of execution of this Agreement, no event or series of events shall have occurred that reasonably could have or result in a Material Adverse Effect; 

^^No Suspensions of Trading in Common Stock; Listing. Trading in the Common Stock shall not have been suspended by the Commission or any Trading Market (except for any suspensions of trading of not more than one Trading Day solely to permit dissemination of material information regarding the Company) at any time since the date of execution of this Agreement, and the Common Stock shall have been at all times since such date listed for trading on a Trading Market; 

^^Company Deliverables. The Company shall have delivered the Company Deliverables in accordance with Section 2.2(a);

^^Termination. This Agreement shall not have been terminated as to such Investor in accordance with Section 6.5. 

^^Conditions Precedent to the Obligations of the Company to Sell Shares. The obligation of the Company to sell Shares at the Closing is subject to the satisfaction or waiver by the Company, at or before the Closing, of each of the following conditions: 

^^Representations and Warranties. The representations and warranties of each Investor contained herein shall be true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made and as of the Closing Date as though made on and as of such date; 

^^Performance. Each Investor shall have performed, satisfied and complied in all material respects with all covenants, agreements and conditions required by the Transaction Documents to be performed, satisfied or complied with by such Investor at or prior to the Closing; 

^^No Injunction. No statute, rule, regulation, executive order, decree, ruling or injunction shall have been enacted, entered, promulgated or endorsed by any court or governmental authority of competent jurisdiction that prohibits the consummation of any of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents; 

^^Investor Deliverables. Each Investor shall have delivered the Registration Rights Agreement, duly executed by such Investor; and 

^^Termination. This Agreement shall not have been terminated as to such Investor in accordance with Section 6.5. 

^MISCELLANEOUS 

^^Fees and Expenses. Each Party shall bear its own expenses in connection with the transactions contemplated hereby; provided, however, that the Company shall reimburse the Lead Investor for expenses incurred by the Lead Investor up to a cap of US$[[USD Value 3: Number]] 

^^Entire Agreement. The Transaction Documents, together with the Exhibits and Schedules thereto, contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements, understandings, discussions and representations, oral or written, with respect to such matters, which the parties acknowledge have been merged into such documents, exhibits and schedules. 

^^Notices. Any and all notices or other communications or deliveries required or permitted to be provided hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given and effective on the earliest of (a) the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile (provided the sender receives a machine-generated confirmation of successful transmission) at the facsimile number specified in this Section prior to 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on a Trading Day, (b) the next Trading Day after the date of transmission, if such notice or communication is delivered via facsimile at the facsimile number specified in this Section on a day that is not a Trading Day or later than 5:30 p.m. (New York City time) on any Trading Day, (c) the Trading Day following the date of mailing, if sent by U.S. nationally recognized overnight courier service, or (d) upon actual receipt by the party to whom such notice is required to be given. The address for such notices and communications shall be as follows: 

If to the Company:   [[Company]]
No. 2 Beitang Road
Xiaoshan Economic and Technological Development Zone
Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province 311215
People’s Republic of China

Attn: Chief Executive Officer

Facsimile: 86-[[Phone 1]]9

With a copy to:   Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman LLP
[[Address 2: Address]].C. 20037
Facsimile: [[Phone 2]]
Attn.: Louis A. Bevilacqua, Esq.

If to an Investor:   To the address set forth under such Investor’s name on the
signature pages hereof;

or such other address as may be designated in writing hereafter, in the same manner, by such Person. 

^^Amendments; Waivers; No Additional Consideration. No provision of this Agreement may be waived or amended except in a written instrument signed by the Company and the Requisite Holders. No waiver of any default with respect to any provision, condition or requirement of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a continuing waiver in the future or a waiver of any subsequent default or a waiver of any other provision, condition or requirement hereof, nor shall any delay or omission of either party to exercise any right hereunder in any manner impair the exercise of any such right. No consideration shall be offered or paid to any Investor to amend or consent to a waiver or modification of any provision of any Transaction Document unless the same consideration is also offered to all Investors who then hold Shares.

^^Termination. This Agreement may be terminated prior to Closing: 

^^[[A Signatory Email: Identity | Signature]]
__________________________________________
{{A Entity => By: [[A Signatory First Name]] [[A Signatory Last Name]]
Title: [[A Signatory Title]]}}

^^[[B Signatory Email: Identity | Signature]]
__________________________________________
{{B Entity => By: [[B Signatory First Name]] [[B Signatory Last Name]]
Title: [[B Signatory Title]]}}


In the event of a termination pursuant to this Section, the Company shall promptly notify all non-terminating Investors. Upon a termination in accordance with this Section 6.5, the Company and the terminating Investor(s) shall not have any further obligation or liability (including as arising from such termination) to the other and no Investor will have any liability to any other Investor under the Transaction Documents as a result therefrom. 

^^Construction. The headings herein are for convenience only, do not constitute a part of this Agreement and shall not be deemed to limit or affect any of the provisions hereof. The language used in this Agreement will be deemed to be the language chosen by the parties to express their mutual intent, and no rules of strict construction will be applied against any party. This Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties, and no presumption or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this Agreement or any of the Transaction Documents. 

^^Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their successors and permitted assigns. The Company may not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of the Investors. Any Investor may assign any or all of its rights under this Agreement to any Person to whom such Investor assigns or transfers any Shares, provided such transferee agrees in writing to be bound, with respect to the transferred Shares, by the provisions hereof that apply to the “Investors.” 

^^No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person. 

^^Governing Law. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed and enforced in accordance with the internal laws of the State of New York, without regard to the principles of conflicts of law thereof. Each party agrees that all Proceedings concerning the interpretations, enforcement and defense of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and any other Transaction Documents (whether brought against a party hereto or its respective Affiliates, employees or agents) shall be commenced exclusively in the New York Courts. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the New York Courts for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein (including with respect to the enforcement of the any of the Transaction Documents), and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any Proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such New York Court, or that such Proceeding has been commenced in an improper or inconvenient forum. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such Proceeding by mailing a copy thereof via registered or certified mail or overnight delivery (with evidence of delivery) to such party at the address in effect for notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. Each party hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any and all right to trial by jury in any legal proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. If either party shall commence a Proceeding to enforce any provisions of a Transaction Document, then the prevailing party in such Proceeding shall be reimbursed by the other party for its reasonable attorneys’ fees and other costs and expenses incurred with the investigation, preparation and prosecution of such Proceeding. 

^^Survival. The representations, warranties, agreements and covenants contained herein shall survive the Closing and the delivery of the Shares for a period of 18 months, provided, however, that the representations contained in Sections 3.1(c) and (g) shall survive for a period equal to the applicable statute of limitations. 

^^Execution. This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party, it being understood that both parties need not sign the same counterpart. In the event that any signature is delivered by facsimile transmission, such signature shall create a valid and binding obligation of the party executing (or on whose behalf such signature is executed) with the same force and effect as if such facsimile signature page were an original thereof. 

^^Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable in any respect, the validity and enforceability of the remaining terms and provisions of this Agreement shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby and the parties will attempt to agree upon a valid and enforceable provision that is a reasonable substitute therefor, and upon so agreeing, shall incorporate such substitute provision in this Agreement. 

^^Rescission and Withdrawal Right. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in (and without limiting any similar provisions of) the Transaction Documents, whenever any Investor exercises a right, election, demand or option under a Transaction Document and the Company does not timely perform its related obligations within the periods therein provided, then such Investor may rescind or withdraw, in its sole discretion from time to time upon written notice to the Company, any relevant notice, demand or election in whole or in part without prejudice to its future actions and rights. 

^^Replacement of Shares. If any certificate or instrument evidencing any Shares is mutilated, lost, stolen or destroyed, the Company shall issue or cause to be issued in exchange and substitution for and upon cancellation thereof, or in lieu of and substitution therefor, a new certificate or instrument, but only upon receipt of evidence reasonably satisfactory to the Company of such loss, theft or destruction and customary and reasonable indemnity, if requested. The applicants for a new certificate or instrument under such circumstances shall also pay any reasonable third-party costs associated with the issuance of such replacement Shares. If a replacement certificate or instrument evidencing any Shares is requested due to a mutilation thereof, the Company may require delivery of such mutilated certificate or instrument as a condition precedent to any issuance of a replacement. 

^^Remedies. In addition to being entitled to exercise all rights provided herein or granted by law, including recovery of damages, each of the Investors and the Company will be entitled to specific performance under the Transaction Documents. The parties agree that monetary damages may not be adequate compensation for any loss incurred by reason of any breach of obligations described in the foregoing sentence and hereby agrees to waive in any action for specific performance of any such obligation the defense that a remedy at law would be adequate. 

^^Payment Set Aside. To the extent that the Company makes a payment or payments to any Investor pursuant to any Transaction Document or an Investor enforces or exercises its rights thereunder, and such payment or payments or the proceeds of such enforcement or exercise or any part thereof are subsequently invalidated, declared to be fraudulent or preferential, set aside, recovered from, disgorged by or are required to be refunded, repaid or otherwise restored to the Company, a trustee, receiver or any other person under any law (including, without limitation, any bankruptcy law, state or federal law, common law or equitable cause of action), then to the extent of any such restoration the obligation or part thereof originally intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued in full force and effect as if such payment had not been made or such enforcement or setoff had not occurred. 

^^Independent Nature of Investors’ Obligations and Rights. The obligations of each Investor under any Transaction Document are several and not joint with the obligations of any other Investor, and no Investor shall be responsible in any way for the performance of the obligations of any other Investor under any Transaction Document. The decision of each Investor to purchase Shares pursuant to the Transaction Documents has been made by such Investor independently of any other Investor. Nothing contained herein or in any Transaction Document, and no action taken by any Investor pursuant thereto, shall be deemed to constitute the Investors as a partnership, an association, a joint venture or any other kind of entity, or create a presumption that the Investors are in any way acting in concert or as a group with respect to such obligations or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents. Each Investor acknowledges that no other Investor has acted as agent for such Investor in connection with making its investment hereunder and that no Investor will be acting as agent of such Investor in connection with monitoring its investment in the Shares or enforcing its rights under the Transaction Documents. Each Investor shall be entitled to independently protect and enforce its rights, including without limitation the rights arising out of this Agreement or out of the other Transaction Documents, and it shall not be necessary for any other Investor to be joined as an additional party in any proceeding for such purpose. The Company acknowledges that each of the Investors has been provided with the same Transaction Documents for the purpose of closing a transaction with multiple Investors and not because it was required or requested to do so by any Investor. 

^^Limitation of Liability. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company acknowledges and agrees that the liability of an Investor arising directly or indirectly, under any Transaction Document of any and every nature whatsoever shall be satisfied solely out of the assets of such Investor, and that no trustee, officer, other investment vehicle or any other Affiliate of such Investor or any investor, shareholder or holder of shares of beneficial interest of such a Investor shall be personally liable for any liabilities of such Investor. 

\centered [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK SIGNATURE PAGES FOLLOW] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above. 

**COMPANY:** 

[[Company]] 

[[Company Signatory Email: Identity | Signature]]
__________________________________________
{{Company Entity => By: [[Company Signatory First Name]] [[Company Signatory Last Name]]
Title: [[Company Signatory Title]]}}


As to Sections 4.14 and 4.15 only. 

**NENGBIN FANG** 

**_____________________________**

\centered [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK SIGNATURE PAGES FOR INVESTORS FOLLOW] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Securities Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above. 

**NAME OF INVESTOR**

[[NAME OF INVESTOR Signatory Email: Identity | Signature]]
__________________________________________
{{NAME OF INVESTOR Entity => By: [[NAME OF INVESTOR Signatory First Name]] [[NAME OF INVESTOR Signatory Last Name]]
Title: [[NAME OF INVESTOR Signatory Title]]}}

Investment Amount: $
Tax ID No.:
**ADDRESS FOR NOTICE**
c/o:
Street:
City/State/Zip:
Attention:
Tel:
Fax:
**DELIVERY INSTRUCTIONS**
(if different from above)
c/o:
Street:
City/State/Zip:
Attention:
Tel:

Annex A 

\centered **SCHEDULE OF BUYERS** 

**Address and**
**Buyer**   **Investment Amount**   **Facsimile Number**
c/o Ryan Xia

Envision Capital   $[[USD Value 4: Number]]   Room1303, BEA Tower, 66 Hua Yuan Shi Qiao Road,
Partners, L.P.      Pudong New Area
Shanghai, China

ABH Capital   $[[USD Value 5: Number]]   [[Address 3: Address]]

Newberg Road      5306 Hollister
Partners, L.P.   $[[USD Value 5]]   [[Address 4: Address]]
Beekman 514, Ltd

Palm Springs
International Holding   $[[USD Value 5]]   Unit 503, 5/F, Silvercord Tower, 30 Canton Road,
Limited      TSIMSHATSUI, KOWLOON, Hong Kong
c/o Mr. Yuwei Zhou
CSV Capital Partners
China Seed Ventures,      800 Huashan Road, Building 18, Room 104
L.P.   $[[USD Value 6: Number]]   Shanghai, China 200050

**Total**   **$[[USD Value 2]]**

ANNEX B 

\centered **WIRE INSTRUCTIONS**

**US DOLLAR:**ACCOUNT NAME: EVERCHARM HOLDINGS LIMITED ACCOUNT NO: 19085014040013863 Beneficiary Bank SWIFT BIC: ABOCCNBJ****Beneficiary Bank Name: AGRICULTURAL BANK OF CHINA HEAD OFFICE****Message: ACC/ABC HANGZHOU XIAOSHAN BR****Beneficiary Bank Address: NO 156 RENMIN RD XIAOSHAN DISTRICT , HANGZHOU, ZHEJIANG, CHINA****Intermediary Bank BIC: IRVTUS3N****Intermediary Bank Name: BANK OF NEW YORK**, N.Y.** 

**RMB:**ACCOUNT NAME:**  浙江大胜达包装有限公司**ACCOUNT NO: 803028719408093001 Beneficiary Bank Name:**  中国银行杭州市萧山支行**Beneficiary Bank Address:  中国浙江省杭州市萧山区人民路****号

EXHIBIT A 

\centered REGISTRATION RIGHTS AGREEMENT 
 